src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/MarmitariaApplication.java:25:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/MarmitariaApplication.java:25:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/MarmitariaApplication.java:25:	CommentRequired: Header comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/MarmitariaApplication.java:25:	CommentRequired: Header comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/MarmitariaApplication.java:27:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/MarmitariaApplication.java:27:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/MarmitariaApplication.java:27:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'args' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/MarmitariaApplication.java:27:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'args' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/MarmitariaApplication.java:33:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/MarmitariaApplication.java:33:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/MarmitariaApplication.java:38:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/MarmitariaApplication.java:38:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/MarmitariaApplication.java:40:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'properties' could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/MarmitariaApplication.java:40:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'properties' could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/MarmitariaApplication.java:41:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'path' could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/MarmitariaApplication.java:41:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'path' could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/MarmitariaApplication.java:43:	AvoidFileStream: Avoid instantiating FileInputStream, FileOutputStream, FileReader, or FileWriter
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/MarmitariaApplication.java:43:	AvoidFileStream: Avoid instantiating FileInputStream, FileOutputStream, FileReader, or FileWriter
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/MarmitariaApplication.java:43:	CloseResource: Ensure that resources like this FileInputStream object are closed after use
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/MarmitariaApplication.java:43:	CloseResource: Ensure that resources like this FileInputStream object are closed after use
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/MarmitariaApplication.java:43:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'stream' could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/MarmitariaApplication.java:43:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'stream' could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/MarmitariaApplication.java:47:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'hostname' could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/MarmitariaApplication.java:47:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'hostname' could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/MarmitariaApplication.java:56:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/MarmitariaApplication.java:56:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/MarmitariaApplication.java:58:	AvoidPrintStackTrace: Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/MarmitariaApplication.java:58:	AvoidPrintStackTrace: Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/MarmitariaApplication.java:64:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/MarmitariaApplication.java:64:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/MarmitariaApplication.java:65:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'source' could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/MarmitariaApplication.java:65:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'source' could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/MarmitariaApplication.java:66:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'config' could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/MarmitariaApplication.java:66:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'config' could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/MarmitariaApplication.java:69:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'bean' could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/MarmitariaApplication.java:69:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'bean' could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/MarmitariaApplication.java:69:	UseDiamondOperator: Explicit type arguments can be replaced by Diamond Operator
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/MarmitariaApplication.java:69:	UseDiamondOperator: Explicit type arguments can be replaced by Diamond Operator
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/MarmitariaApplication.java:75:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/MarmitariaApplication.java:75:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/MarmitariaApplication.java:76:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'filterRb' could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/MarmitariaApplication.java:76:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'filterRb' could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/MarmitariaApplication.java:76:	UseDiamondOperator: Explicit type arguments can be replaced by Diamond Operator
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/MarmitariaApplication.java:76:	UseDiamondOperator: Explicit type arguments can be replaced by Diamond Operator
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/SwaggerConfig.java:16:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/SwaggerConfig.java:16:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/SwaggerConfig.java:16:	CommentRequired: Header comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/SwaggerConfig.java:16:	CommentRequired: Header comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/SwaggerConfig.java:19:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/SwaggerConfig.java:19:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/SwaggerConfig.java:35:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'registry' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/SwaggerConfig.java:35:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'registry' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/SwaggerConfig.java:36:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/SwaggerConfig.java:36:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/SwaggerConfig.java:37:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/SwaggerConfig.java:37:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/dao/AbstractDAO.java:3:	AbstractNaming: Abstract classes should be named AbstractXXX
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/dao/AbstractDAO.java:3:	AbstractNaming: Abstract classes should be named AbstractXXX
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/dao/AbstractDAO.java:3:	CommentRequired: Header comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/dao/AbstractDAO.java:3:	CommentRequired: Header comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/dao/AdministradorDAO.java:9:	CommentRequired: Header comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/dao/AdministradorDAO.java:9:	CommentRequired: Header comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/dao/AdministradorDAO.java:11:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/dao/AdministradorDAO.java:11:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/dao/CardapioDAO.java:7:	CommentRequired: Header comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/dao/CardapioDAO.java:7:	CommentRequired: Header comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/dao/CategoriaDAO.java:9:	CommentRequired: Header comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/dao/CategoriaDAO.java:9:	CommentRequired: Header comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/dao/CategoriaDAO.java:11:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/dao/CategoriaDAO.java:11:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/dao/ClienteDAO.java:9:	CommentRequired: Header comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/dao/ClienteDAO.java:9:	CommentRequired: Header comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/dao/ClienteDAO.java:11:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/dao/ClienteDAO.java:11:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/dao/MarmitaDAO.java:9:	CommentRequired: Header comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/dao/MarmitaDAO.java:9:	CommentRequired: Header comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/dao/PedidoDAO.java:12:	CommentRequired: Header comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/dao/PedidoDAO.java:12:	CommentRequired: Header comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/dao/PedidoDAO.java:14:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/dao/PedidoDAO.java:14:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/dao/ProdutoDAO.java:12:	CommentRequired: Header comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/dao/ProdutoDAO.java:12:	CommentRequired: Header comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/dao/ProdutoDAO.java:14:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/dao/ProdutoDAO.java:14:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/dao/ProdutoDAO.java:16:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/dao/ProdutoDAO.java:16:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/dao/RecuperacaoDAO.java:12:	CommentRequired: Header comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/dao/RecuperacaoDAO.java:12:	CommentRequired: Header comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/dao/RecuperacaoDAO.java:15:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/dao/RecuperacaoDAO.java:15:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/dao/UsuarioDAO.java:10:	CommentRequired: Header comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/dao/UsuarioDAO.java:10:	CommentRequired: Header comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/dao/UsuarioDAO.java:12:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/dao/UsuarioDAO.java:12:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Administrador.java:11:	CommentRequired: Header comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Administrador.java:11:	CommentRequired: Header comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Administrador.java:19:	CallSuperInConstructor: It is a good practice to call super() in a constructor
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Administrador.java:19:	CallSuperInConstructor: It is a good practice to call super() in a constructor
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Administrador.java:19:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Administrador.java:19:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Administrador.java:19:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Administrador.java:19:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Administrador.java:23:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName: Unnecessary use of fully qualified name 'TipoUsuario.ADMINISTRADOR' due to existing same package import 'br.com.marmitaria.persistence.model.*'
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Administrador.java:23:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName: Unnecessary use of fully qualified name 'TipoUsuario.ADMINISTRADOR' due to existing same package import 'br.com.marmitaria.persistence.model.*'
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Administrador.java:27:	CallSuperInConstructor: It is a good practice to call super() in a constructor
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Administrador.java:27:	CallSuperInConstructor: It is a good practice to call super() in a constructor
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Administrador.java:27:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Administrador.java:27:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Administrador.java:27:	UncommentedEmptyConstructor: Document empty constructor
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Administrador.java:27:	UncommentedEmptyConstructor: Document empty constructor
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Cardapio.java:23:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Cardapio.java:23:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Cardapio.java:23:	CommentRequired: Header comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Cardapio.java:23:	CommentRequired: Header comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Cardapio.java:23:	DataClass: The class 'Cardapio' is suspected to be a Data Class (WOC=0.000%, NOPA=0, NOAM=6, WMC=6)
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Cardapio.java:23:	DataClass: The class 'Cardapio' is suspected to be a Data Class (WOC=0.000%, NOPA=0, NOAM=6, WMC=6)
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Cardapio.java:23:	ModifiedCyclomaticComplexity: The class 'Cardapio' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 3 (Highest = 13).
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Cardapio.java:23:	ModifiedCyclomaticComplexity: The class 'Cardapio' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 3 (Highest = 13).
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Cardapio.java:23:	StdCyclomaticComplexity: The class 'Cardapio' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 3 (Highest = 13).
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Cardapio.java:23:	StdCyclomaticComplexity: The class 'Cardapio' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 3 (Highest = 13).
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Cardapio.java:33:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Cardapio.java:33:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Cardapio.java:38:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Cardapio.java:38:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Cardapio.java:42:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Cardapio.java:42:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Cardapio.java:61:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'idCardapio' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Cardapio.java:61:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'idCardapio' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Cardapio.java:69:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'produtos' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Cardapio.java:69:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'produtos' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Cardapio.java:77:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'data' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Cardapio.java:77:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'data' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Cardapio.java:82:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'o' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Cardapio.java:82:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'o' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Cardapio.java:82:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like o
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Cardapio.java:82:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like o
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Cardapio.java:83:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Cardapio.java:83:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Cardapio.java:93:	AvoidFinalLocalVariable: Avoid using final local variables, turn them into fields
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Cardapio.java:93:	AvoidFinalLocalVariable: Avoid using final local variables, turn them into fields
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Cardapio.java:102:	CyclomaticComplexity: The method 'equals(Object)' has a cyclomatic complexity of 13.
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Cardapio.java:102:	CyclomaticComplexity: The method 'equals(Object)' has a cyclomatic complexity of 13.
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Cardapio.java:102:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'obj' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Cardapio.java:102:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'obj' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Cardapio.java:102:	ModifiedCyclomaticComplexity: The method 'equals' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 13.
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Cardapio.java:102:	ModifiedCyclomaticComplexity: The method 'equals' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 13.
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Cardapio.java:102:	NPathComplexity: The method 'equals(Object)' has an NPath complexity of 512
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Cardapio.java:102:	NPathComplexity: The method 'equals(Object)' has an NPath complexity of 512
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Cardapio.java:102:	StdCyclomaticComplexity: The method 'equals' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 13.
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Cardapio.java:102:	StdCyclomaticComplexity: The method 'equals' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 13.
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Cardapio.java:103:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Cardapio.java:103:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Cardapio.java:104:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Cardapio.java:104:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Cardapio.java:104:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Cardapio.java:104:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Cardapio.java:105:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Cardapio.java:105:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Cardapio.java:106:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Cardapio.java:106:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Cardapio.java:106:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Cardapio.java:106:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Cardapio.java:107:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Cardapio.java:107:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Cardapio.java:108:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Cardapio.java:108:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Cardapio.java:108:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Cardapio.java:108:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Cardapio.java:109:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'other' could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Cardapio.java:109:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'other' could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Cardapio.java:111:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Cardapio.java:111:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Cardapio.java:112:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Cardapio.java:112:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Cardapio.java:112:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Cardapio.java:112:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Cardapio.java:113:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Cardapio.java:113:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Cardapio.java:114:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Cardapio.java:114:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Cardapio.java:114:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Cardapio.java:114:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Cardapio.java:116:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Cardapio.java:116:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Cardapio.java:117:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Cardapio.java:117:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Cardapio.java:117:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Cardapio.java:117:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Cardapio.java:118:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Cardapio.java:118:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Cardapio.java:119:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Cardapio.java:119:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Cardapio.java:119:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Cardapio.java:119:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Cardapio.java:121:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Cardapio.java:121:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Cardapio.java:122:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Cardapio.java:122:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Cardapio.java:122:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Cardapio.java:122:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Cardapio.java:123:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Cardapio.java:123:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Cardapio.java:124:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Cardapio.java:124:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Cardapio.java:124:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Cardapio.java:124:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Categoria.java:16:	CommentRequired: Header comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Categoria.java:16:	CommentRequired: Header comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Categoria.java:16:	DataClass: The class 'Categoria' is suspected to be a Data Class (WOC=0.000%, NOPA=0, NOAM=4, WMC=6)
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Categoria.java:16:	DataClass: The class 'Categoria' is suspected to be a Data Class (WOC=0.000%, NOPA=0, NOAM=4, WMC=6)
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Categoria.java:16:	ModifiedCyclomaticComplexity: The class 'Categoria' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 2 (Highest = 10).
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Categoria.java:16:	ModifiedCyclomaticComplexity: The class 'Categoria' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 2 (Highest = 10).
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Categoria.java:16:	StdCyclomaticComplexity: The class 'Categoria' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 2 (Highest = 10).
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Categoria.java:16:	StdCyclomaticComplexity: The class 'Categoria' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 2 (Highest = 10).
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Categoria.java:26:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Categoria.java:26:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Categoria.java:26:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Categoria.java:26:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Categoria.java:31:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Categoria.java:31:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Categoria.java:33:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Categoria.java:33:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Categoria.java:33:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'descricao' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Categoria.java:33:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'descricao' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Categoria.java:36:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Categoria.java:36:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Categoria.java:36:	UncommentedEmptyConstructor: Document empty constructor
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Categoria.java:36:	UncommentedEmptyConstructor: Document empty constructor
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Categoria.java:42:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Categoria.java:42:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Categoria.java:42:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Categoria.java:42:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Categoria.java:50:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'descricao' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Categoria.java:50:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'descricao' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Categoria.java:55:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'o' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Categoria.java:55:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'o' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Categoria.java:55:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like o
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Categoria.java:55:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like o
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Categoria.java:56:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Categoria.java:56:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Categoria.java:65:	AvoidFinalLocalVariable: Avoid using final local variables, turn them into fields
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Categoria.java:65:	AvoidFinalLocalVariable: Avoid using final local variables, turn them into fields
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Categoria.java:72:	CyclomaticComplexity: The method 'equals(Object)' has a cyclomatic complexity of 10.
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Categoria.java:72:	CyclomaticComplexity: The method 'equals(Object)' has a cyclomatic complexity of 10.
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Categoria.java:72:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'obj' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Categoria.java:72:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'obj' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Categoria.java:72:	ModifiedCyclomaticComplexity: The method 'equals' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 10.
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Categoria.java:72:	ModifiedCyclomaticComplexity: The method 'equals' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 10.
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Categoria.java:72:	StdCyclomaticComplexity: The method 'equals' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 10.
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Categoria.java:72:	StdCyclomaticComplexity: The method 'equals' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 10.
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Categoria.java:73:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Categoria.java:73:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Categoria.java:74:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Categoria.java:74:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Categoria.java:74:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Categoria.java:74:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Categoria.java:75:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Categoria.java:75:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Categoria.java:76:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Categoria.java:76:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Categoria.java:76:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Categoria.java:76:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Categoria.java:77:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Categoria.java:77:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Categoria.java:78:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Categoria.java:78:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Categoria.java:78:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Categoria.java:78:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Categoria.java:79:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'other' could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Categoria.java:79:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'other' could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Categoria.java:81:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Categoria.java:81:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Categoria.java:82:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Categoria.java:82:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Categoria.java:82:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Categoria.java:82:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Categoria.java:83:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Categoria.java:83:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Categoria.java:84:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Categoria.java:84:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Categoria.java:84:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Categoria.java:84:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Categoria.java:86:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Categoria.java:86:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Categoria.java:87:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Categoria.java:87:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Categoria.java:87:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Categoria.java:87:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Categoria.java:88:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Categoria.java:88:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Categoria.java:89:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Categoria.java:89:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Categoria.java:89:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Categoria.java:89:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Cliente.java:14:	CommentRequired: Header comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Cliente.java:14:	CommentRequired: Header comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Cliente.java:14:	DataClass: The class 'Cliente' is suspected to be a Data Class (WOC=0.000%, NOPA=0, NOAM=4, WMC=6)
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Cliente.java:14:	DataClass: The class 'Cliente' is suspected to be a Data Class (WOC=0.000%, NOPA=0, NOAM=4, WMC=6)
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Cliente.java:24:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Cliente.java:24:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Cliente.java:27:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Cliente.java:27:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Cliente.java:31:	CallSuperInConstructor: It is a good practice to call super() in a constructor
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Cliente.java:31:	CallSuperInConstructor: It is a good practice to call super() in a constructor
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Cliente.java:31:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Cliente.java:31:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Cliente.java:31:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Cliente.java:31:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Cliente.java:35:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName: Unnecessary use of fully qualified name 'TipoUsuario.CLIENTE' due to existing same package import 'br.com.marmitaria.persistence.model.*'
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Cliente.java:35:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName: Unnecessary use of fully qualified name 'TipoUsuario.CLIENTE' due to existing same package import 'br.com.marmitaria.persistence.model.*'
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Cliente.java:41:	CallSuperInConstructor: It is a good practice to call super() in a constructor
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Cliente.java:41:	CallSuperInConstructor: It is a good practice to call super() in a constructor
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Cliente.java:41:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Cliente.java:41:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Cliente.java:41:	UncommentedEmptyConstructor: Document empty constructor
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Cliente.java:41:	UncommentedEmptyConstructor: Document empty constructor
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Cliente.java:50:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'telefone' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Cliente.java:50:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'telefone' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Cliente.java:54:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'endereco' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Cliente.java:54:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'endereco' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Cliente.java:60:	AvoidFinalLocalVariable: Avoid using final local variables, turn them into fields
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Cliente.java:60:	AvoidFinalLocalVariable: Avoid using final local variables, turn them into fields
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Cliente.java:67:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'obj' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Cliente.java:67:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'obj' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Cliente.java:68:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Cliente.java:68:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Cliente.java:69:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Cliente.java:69:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Cliente.java:69:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Cliente.java:69:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Cliente.java:70:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Cliente.java:70:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Cliente.java:71:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Cliente.java:71:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Cliente.java:71:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Cliente.java:71:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Cliente.java:72:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Cliente.java:72:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Cliente.java:73:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Cliente.java:73:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Cliente.java:73:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Cliente.java:73:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Cliente.java:74:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'other' could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Cliente.java:74:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'other' could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Cliente.java:76:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Cliente.java:76:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Cliente.java:77:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Cliente.java:77:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Cliente.java:77:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Cliente.java:77:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Cliente.java:78:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Cliente.java:78:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Cliente.java:79:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Cliente.java:79:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Cliente.java:79:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Cliente.java:79:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Marmita.java:15:	CommentRequired: Header comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Marmita.java:15:	CommentRequired: Header comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Marmita.java:15:	DataClass: The class 'Marmita' is suspected to be a Data Class (WOC=0.000%, NOPA=0, NOAM=10, WMC=12)
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Marmita.java:15:	DataClass: The class 'Marmita' is suspected to be a Data Class (WOC=0.000%, NOPA=0, NOAM=10, WMC=12)
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Marmita.java:15:	ModifiedCyclomaticComplexity: The class 'Marmita' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 2 (Highest = 13).
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Marmita.java:15:	ModifiedCyclomaticComplexity: The class 'Marmita' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 2 (Highest = 13).
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Marmita.java:15:	StdCyclomaticComplexity: The class 'Marmita' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 2 (Highest = 13).
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Marmita.java:15:	StdCyclomaticComplexity: The class 'Marmita' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 2 (Highest = 13).
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Marmita.java:24:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Marmita.java:24:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Marmita.java:28:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Marmita.java:28:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Marmita.java:32:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Marmita.java:32:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Marmita.java:35:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Marmita.java:35:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Marmita.java:39:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Marmita.java:39:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Marmita.java:45:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'idMarmita' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Marmita.java:45:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'idMarmita' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Marmita.java:53:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'valor' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Marmita.java:53:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'valor' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Marmita.java:61:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'tipoMarmita' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Marmita.java:61:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'tipoMarmita' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Marmita.java:69:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'descricao' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Marmita.java:69:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'descricao' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Marmita.java:77:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'carnes' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Marmita.java:77:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'carnes' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Marmita.java:81:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Marmita.java:81:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Marmita.java:81:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'carnes' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Marmita.java:81:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'carnes' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Marmita.java:81:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'descricao' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Marmita.java:81:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'descricao' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Marmita.java:81:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'tipoMarmita' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Marmita.java:81:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'tipoMarmita' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Marmita.java:81:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'valor' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Marmita.java:81:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'valor' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Marmita.java:89:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Marmita.java:89:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Marmita.java:89:	UncommentedEmptyConstructor: Document empty constructor
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Marmita.java:89:	UncommentedEmptyConstructor: Document empty constructor
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Marmita.java:92:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'o' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Marmita.java:92:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'o' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Marmita.java:92:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like o
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Marmita.java:92:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like o
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Marmita.java:93:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Marmita.java:93:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Marmita.java:106:	AvoidFinalLocalVariable: Avoid using final local variables, turn them into fields
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Marmita.java:106:	AvoidFinalLocalVariable: Avoid using final local variables, turn them into fields
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Marmita.java:117:	CyclomaticComplexity: The method 'equals(Object)' has a cyclomatic complexity of 13.
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Marmita.java:117:	CyclomaticComplexity: The method 'equals(Object)' has a cyclomatic complexity of 13.
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Marmita.java:117:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'obj' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Marmita.java:117:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'obj' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Marmita.java:117:	ModifiedCyclomaticComplexity: The method 'equals' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 13.
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Marmita.java:117:	ModifiedCyclomaticComplexity: The method 'equals' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 13.
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Marmita.java:117:	NPathComplexity: The method 'equals(Object)' has an NPath complexity of 1024
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Marmita.java:117:	NPathComplexity: The method 'equals(Object)' has an NPath complexity of 1024
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Marmita.java:117:	StdCyclomaticComplexity: The method 'equals' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 13.
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Marmita.java:117:	StdCyclomaticComplexity: The method 'equals' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 13.
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Marmita.java:118:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Marmita.java:118:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Marmita.java:119:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Marmita.java:119:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Marmita.java:119:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Marmita.java:119:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Marmita.java:120:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Marmita.java:120:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Marmita.java:121:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Marmita.java:121:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Marmita.java:121:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Marmita.java:121:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Marmita.java:122:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Marmita.java:122:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Marmita.java:123:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Marmita.java:123:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Marmita.java:123:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Marmita.java:123:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Marmita.java:124:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'other' could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Marmita.java:124:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'other' could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Marmita.java:125:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Marmita.java:125:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Marmita.java:126:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Marmita.java:126:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Marmita.java:126:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Marmita.java:126:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Marmita.java:128:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Marmita.java:128:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Marmita.java:129:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Marmita.java:129:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Marmita.java:129:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Marmita.java:129:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Marmita.java:130:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Marmita.java:130:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Marmita.java:131:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Marmita.java:131:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Marmita.java:131:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Marmita.java:131:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Marmita.java:133:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Marmita.java:133:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Marmita.java:134:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Marmita.java:134:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Marmita.java:134:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Marmita.java:134:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Marmita.java:135:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Marmita.java:135:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Marmita.java:136:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Marmita.java:136:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Marmita.java:136:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Marmita.java:136:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Marmita.java:137:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Marmita.java:137:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Marmita.java:138:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Marmita.java:138:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Marmita.java:138:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Marmita.java:138:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Marmita.java:139:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Marmita.java:139:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Marmita.java:139:	SimplifyBooleanReturns: Avoid unnecessary if..then..else statements when returning booleans
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Marmita.java:139:	SimplifyBooleanReturns: Avoid unnecessary if..then..else statements when returning booleans
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Marmita.java:140:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Marmita.java:140:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Marmita.java:140:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Marmita.java:140:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Pedido.java:24:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Pedido.java:24:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Pedido.java:24:	CommentRequired: Header comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Pedido.java:24:	CommentRequired: Header comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Pedido.java:24:	DataClass: The class 'Pedido' is suspected to be a Data Class (WOC=0.000%, NOPA=0, NOAM=16, WMC=16)
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Pedido.java:24:	DataClass: The class 'Pedido' is suspected to be a Data Class (WOC=0.000%, NOPA=0, NOAM=16, WMC=16)
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Pedido.java:24:	ModifiedCyclomaticComplexity: The class 'Pedido' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 3 (Highest = 26).
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Pedido.java:24:	ModifiedCyclomaticComplexity: The class 'Pedido' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 3 (Highest = 26).
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Pedido.java:24:	StdCyclomaticComplexity: The class 'Pedido' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 3 (Highest = 26).
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Pedido.java:24:	StdCyclomaticComplexity: The class 'Pedido' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 3 (Highest = 26).
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Pedido.java:34:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Pedido.java:34:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Pedido.java:38:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Pedido.java:38:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Pedido.java:42:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Pedido.java:42:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Pedido.java:46:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Pedido.java:46:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Pedido.java:49:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Pedido.java:49:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Pedido.java:52:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Pedido.java:52:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Pedido.java:56:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Pedido.java:56:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Pedido.java:60:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Pedido.java:60:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Pedido.java:66:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'data' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Pedido.java:66:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'data' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Pedido.java:70:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'tipoPagamento' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Pedido.java:70:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'tipoPagamento' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Pedido.java:82:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'obsvacoes' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Pedido.java:82:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'obsvacoes' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Pedido.java:90:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'marmita' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Pedido.java:90:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'marmita' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Pedido.java:98:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'produtos' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Pedido.java:98:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'produtos' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Pedido.java:106:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'idPedido' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Pedido.java:106:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'idPedido' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Pedido.java:111:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'o' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Pedido.java:111:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'o' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Pedido.java:111:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like o
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Pedido.java:111:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like o
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Pedido.java:112:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Pedido.java:112:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Pedido.java:119:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'cliente' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Pedido.java:119:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'cliente' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Pedido.java:126:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'confirmado' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Pedido.java:126:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'confirmado' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Pedido.java:131:	NPathComplexity: The method 'hashCode()' has an NPath complexity of 256
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Pedido.java:131:	NPathComplexity: The method 'hashCode()' has an NPath complexity of 256
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Pedido.java:132:	AvoidFinalLocalVariable: Avoid using final local variables, turn them into fields
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Pedido.java:132:	AvoidFinalLocalVariable: Avoid using final local variables, turn them into fields
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Pedido.java:146:	CyclomaticComplexity: The method 'equals(Object)' has a cyclomatic complexity of 26.
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Pedido.java:146:	CyclomaticComplexity: The method 'equals(Object)' has a cyclomatic complexity of 26.
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Pedido.java:146:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'obj' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Pedido.java:146:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'obj' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Pedido.java:146:	ModifiedCyclomaticComplexity: The method 'equals' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 26.
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Pedido.java:146:	ModifiedCyclomaticComplexity: The method 'equals' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 26.
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Pedido.java:146:	NPathComplexity: The method 'equals(Object)' has an NPath complexity of 262144
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Pedido.java:146:	NPathComplexity: The method 'equals(Object)' has an NPath complexity of 262144
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Pedido.java:146:	StdCyclomaticComplexity: The method 'equals' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 26.
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Pedido.java:146:	StdCyclomaticComplexity: The method 'equals' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 26.
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Pedido.java:147:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Pedido.java:147:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Pedido.java:148:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Pedido.java:148:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Pedido.java:148:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Pedido.java:148:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Pedido.java:149:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Pedido.java:149:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Pedido.java:150:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Pedido.java:150:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Pedido.java:150:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Pedido.java:150:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Pedido.java:151:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Pedido.java:151:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Pedido.java:152:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Pedido.java:152:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Pedido.java:152:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Pedido.java:152:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Pedido.java:153:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'other' could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Pedido.java:153:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'other' could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Pedido.java:155:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Pedido.java:155:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Pedido.java:156:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Pedido.java:156:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Pedido.java:156:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Pedido.java:156:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Pedido.java:157:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Pedido.java:157:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Pedido.java:158:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Pedido.java:158:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Pedido.java:158:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Pedido.java:158:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Pedido.java:160:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Pedido.java:160:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Pedido.java:161:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Pedido.java:161:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Pedido.java:161:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Pedido.java:161:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Pedido.java:162:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Pedido.java:162:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Pedido.java:163:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Pedido.java:163:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Pedido.java:163:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Pedido.java:163:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Pedido.java:165:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Pedido.java:165:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Pedido.java:166:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Pedido.java:166:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Pedido.java:166:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Pedido.java:166:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Pedido.java:167:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Pedido.java:167:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Pedido.java:168:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Pedido.java:168:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Pedido.java:168:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Pedido.java:168:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Pedido.java:170:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Pedido.java:170:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Pedido.java:171:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Pedido.java:171:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Pedido.java:171:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Pedido.java:171:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Pedido.java:172:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Pedido.java:172:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Pedido.java:173:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Pedido.java:173:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Pedido.java:173:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Pedido.java:173:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Pedido.java:175:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Pedido.java:175:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Pedido.java:176:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Pedido.java:176:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Pedido.java:176:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Pedido.java:176:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Pedido.java:177:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Pedido.java:177:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Pedido.java:178:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Pedido.java:178:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Pedido.java:178:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Pedido.java:178:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Pedido.java:180:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Pedido.java:180:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Pedido.java:181:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Pedido.java:181:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Pedido.java:181:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Pedido.java:181:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Pedido.java:182:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Pedido.java:182:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Pedido.java:183:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Pedido.java:183:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Pedido.java:183:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Pedido.java:183:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Pedido.java:185:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Pedido.java:185:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Pedido.java:186:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Pedido.java:186:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Pedido.java:186:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Pedido.java:186:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Pedido.java:187:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Pedido.java:187:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Pedido.java:188:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Pedido.java:188:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Pedido.java:188:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Pedido.java:188:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Pedido.java:189:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Pedido.java:189:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Pedido.java:189:	SimplifyBooleanReturns: Avoid unnecessary if..then..else statements when returning booleans
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Pedido.java:189:	SimplifyBooleanReturns: Avoid unnecessary if..then..else statements when returning booleans
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Pedido.java:190:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Pedido.java:190:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Pedido.java:190:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Pedido.java:190:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Produto.java:19:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Produto.java:19:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Produto.java:19:	CommentRequired: Header comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Produto.java:19:	CommentRequired: Header comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Produto.java:19:	DataClass: The class 'Produto' is suspected to be a Data Class (WOC=0.000%, NOPA=0, NOAM=6, WMC=6)
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Produto.java:19:	DataClass: The class 'Produto' is suspected to be a Data Class (WOC=0.000%, NOPA=0, NOAM=6, WMC=6)
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Produto.java:19:	ModifiedCyclomaticComplexity: The class 'Produto' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 3 (Highest = 13).
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Produto.java:19:	ModifiedCyclomaticComplexity: The class 'Produto' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 3 (Highest = 13).
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Produto.java:19:	StdCyclomaticComplexity: The class 'Produto' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 3 (Highest = 13).
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Produto.java:19:	StdCyclomaticComplexity: The class 'Produto' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 3 (Highest = 13).
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Produto.java:29:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Produto.java:29:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Produto.java:34:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Produto.java:34:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Produto.java:39:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Produto.java:39:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Produto.java:45:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'idProduto' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Produto.java:45:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'idProduto' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Produto.java:53:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'nome' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Produto.java:53:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'nome' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Produto.java:61:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'categoria' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Produto.java:61:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'categoria' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Produto.java:66:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'o' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Produto.java:66:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'o' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Produto.java:66:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like o
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Produto.java:66:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like o
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Produto.java:67:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Produto.java:67:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Produto.java:72:	AvoidFinalLocalVariable: Avoid using final local variables, turn them into fields
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Produto.java:72:	AvoidFinalLocalVariable: Avoid using final local variables, turn them into fields
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Produto.java:81:	CyclomaticComplexity: The method 'equals(Object)' has a cyclomatic complexity of 13.
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Produto.java:81:	CyclomaticComplexity: The method 'equals(Object)' has a cyclomatic complexity of 13.
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Produto.java:81:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'obj' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Produto.java:81:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'obj' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Produto.java:81:	ModifiedCyclomaticComplexity: The method 'equals' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 13.
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Produto.java:81:	ModifiedCyclomaticComplexity: The method 'equals' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 13.
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Produto.java:81:	NPathComplexity: The method 'equals(Object)' has an NPath complexity of 512
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Produto.java:81:	NPathComplexity: The method 'equals(Object)' has an NPath complexity of 512
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Produto.java:81:	StdCyclomaticComplexity: The method 'equals' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 13.
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Produto.java:81:	StdCyclomaticComplexity: The method 'equals' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 13.
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Produto.java:82:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Produto.java:82:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Produto.java:83:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Produto.java:83:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Produto.java:83:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Produto.java:83:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Produto.java:84:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Produto.java:84:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Produto.java:85:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Produto.java:85:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Produto.java:85:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Produto.java:85:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Produto.java:86:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Produto.java:86:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Produto.java:87:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Produto.java:87:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Produto.java:87:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Produto.java:87:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Produto.java:88:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'other' could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Produto.java:88:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'other' could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Produto.java:90:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Produto.java:90:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Produto.java:91:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Produto.java:91:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Produto.java:91:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Produto.java:91:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Produto.java:92:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Produto.java:92:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Produto.java:93:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Produto.java:93:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Produto.java:93:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Produto.java:93:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Produto.java:95:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Produto.java:95:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Produto.java:96:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Produto.java:96:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Produto.java:96:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Produto.java:96:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Produto.java:97:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Produto.java:97:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Produto.java:98:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Produto.java:98:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Produto.java:98:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Produto.java:98:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Produto.java:100:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Produto.java:100:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Produto.java:101:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Produto.java:101:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Produto.java:101:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Produto.java:101:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Produto.java:102:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Produto.java:102:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Produto.java:103:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Produto.java:103:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Produto.java:103:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Produto.java:103:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Recuperacao.java:21:	CommentRequired: Header comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Recuperacao.java:21:	CommentRequired: Header comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Recuperacao.java:21:	DataClass: The class 'Recuperacao' is suspected to be a Data Class (WOC=0.000%, NOPA=0, NOAM=6, WMC=8)
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Recuperacao.java:21:	DataClass: The class 'Recuperacao' is suspected to be a Data Class (WOC=0.000%, NOPA=0, NOAM=6, WMC=8)
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Recuperacao.java:31:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Recuperacao.java:31:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Recuperacao.java:31:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Recuperacao.java:31:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Recuperacao.java:31:	UnusedPrivateField: Avoid unused private fields such as 'id'.
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Recuperacao.java:31:	UnusedPrivateField: Avoid unused private fields such as 'id'.
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Recuperacao.java:36:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Recuperacao.java:36:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Recuperacao.java:40:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Recuperacao.java:40:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Recuperacao.java:45:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Recuperacao.java:45:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Recuperacao.java:47:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Recuperacao.java:47:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Recuperacao.java:47:	UncommentedEmptyConstructor: Document empty constructor
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Recuperacao.java:47:	UncommentedEmptyConstructor: Document empty constructor
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Recuperacao.java:53:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'usuario' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Recuperacao.java:53:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'usuario' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Recuperacao.java:61:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'codigo' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Recuperacao.java:61:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'codigo' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Recuperacao.java:69:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'dataCriacao' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Recuperacao.java:69:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'dataCriacao' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Recuperacao.java:73:	CommentRequired: Header comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Recuperacao.java:73:	CommentRequired: Header comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Recuperacao.java:75:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Recuperacao.java:75:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Recuperacao.java:75:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Recuperacao.java:75:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Recuperacao.java:76:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Recuperacao.java:76:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Recuperacao.java:76:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Recuperacao.java:76:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Recuperacao.java:77:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Recuperacao.java:77:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Recuperacao.java:77:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Recuperacao.java:77:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Recuperacao.java:79:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Recuperacao.java:79:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Recuperacao.java:79:	LinguisticNaming: Linguistics Antipattern - The setter 'setUsuario' should not return any type except void linguistically
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Recuperacao.java:79:	LinguisticNaming: Linguistics Antipattern - The setter 'setUsuario' should not return any type except void linguistically
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Recuperacao.java:79:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'usuario' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Recuperacao.java:79:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'usuario' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Recuperacao.java:84:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Recuperacao.java:84:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Recuperacao.java:84:	LinguisticNaming: Linguistics Antipattern - The setter 'setCodigo' should not return any type except void linguistically
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Recuperacao.java:84:	LinguisticNaming: Linguistics Antipattern - The setter 'setCodigo' should not return any type except void linguistically
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Recuperacao.java:84:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'codigo' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Recuperacao.java:84:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'codigo' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Recuperacao.java:88:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Recuperacao.java:88:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Recuperacao.java:88:	LinguisticNaming: Linguistics Antipattern - The setter 'setDataCriacao' should not return any type except void linguistically
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Recuperacao.java:88:	LinguisticNaming: Linguistics Antipattern - The setter 'setDataCriacao' should not return any type except void linguistically
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Recuperacao.java:88:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'dataCriacao' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Recuperacao.java:88:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'dataCriacao' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Recuperacao.java:93:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Recuperacao.java:93:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Recuperacao.java:98:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Recuperacao.java:98:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Recuperacao.java:98:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'builder' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Recuperacao.java:98:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'builder' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/TipoMarmita.java:3:	CommentRequired: Enum comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/TipoMarmita.java:3:	CommentRequired: Enum comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/TipoMarmita.java:6:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/TipoMarmita.java:6:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/TipoMarmita.java:8:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'valor' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/TipoMarmita.java:8:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'valor' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/TipoMarmita.java:8:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifier 'private' on constructor 'TipoMarmita(String)': enum constructors are implicitly private
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/TipoMarmita.java:8:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifier 'private' on constructor 'TipoMarmita(String)': enum constructors are implicitly private
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/TipoPagamento.java:3:	CommentRequired: Enum comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/TipoPagamento.java:3:	CommentRequired: Enum comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/TipoPagamento.java:7:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/TipoPagamento.java:7:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/TipoPagamento.java:9:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'valor' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/TipoPagamento.java:9:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'valor' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/TipoPagamento.java:9:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifier 'private' on constructor 'TipoPagamento(String)': enum constructors are implicitly private
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/TipoPagamento.java:9:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifier 'private' on constructor 'TipoPagamento(String)': enum constructors are implicitly private
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/TipoUsuario.java:3:	CommentRequired: Enum comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/TipoUsuario.java:3:	CommentRequired: Enum comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/TipoUsuario.java:7:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/TipoUsuario.java:7:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/TipoUsuario.java:9:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'valor' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/TipoUsuario.java:9:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'valor' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/TipoUsuario.java:9:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifier 'private' on constructor 'TipoUsuario(String)': enum constructors are implicitly private
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/TipoUsuario.java:9:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifier 'private' on constructor 'TipoUsuario(String)': enum constructors are implicitly private
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Usuario.java:19:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Usuario.java:19:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Usuario.java:19:	CommentRequired: Header comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Usuario.java:19:	CommentRequired: Header comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Usuario.java:19:	DataClass: The class 'Usuario' is suspected to be a Data Class (WOC=0.000%, NOPA=0, NOAM=12, WMC=12)
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Usuario.java:19:	DataClass: The class 'Usuario' is suspected to be a Data Class (WOC=0.000%, NOPA=0, NOAM=12, WMC=12)
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Usuario.java:29:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Usuario.java:29:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Usuario.java:29:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Usuario.java:29:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Usuario.java:34:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Usuario.java:34:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Usuario.java:39:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Usuario.java:39:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Usuario.java:44:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Usuario.java:44:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Usuario.java:48:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Usuario.java:48:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Usuario.java:52:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Usuario.java:52:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Usuario.java:59:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Usuario.java:59:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Usuario.java:59:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Usuario.java:59:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Usuario.java:68:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'nome' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Usuario.java:68:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'nome' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Usuario.java:76:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'email' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Usuario.java:76:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'email' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Usuario.java:84:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'senha' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Usuario.java:84:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'senha' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Usuario.java:92:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'tipo' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Usuario.java:92:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'tipo' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Usuario.java:100:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'cadastroPendente' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Usuario.java:100:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'cadastroPendente' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Usuario.java:106:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Usuario.java:106:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Usuario.java:106:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Usuario.java:106:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Usuario.java:110:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'o' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Usuario.java:110:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'o' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Usuario.java:110:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like o
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Usuario.java:110:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like o
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Usuario.java:111:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/model/Usuario.java:111:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/service/AdministradorService.java:10:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/service/AdministradorService.java:10:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/service/AdministradorService.java:10:	CommentRequired: Header comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/service/AdministradorService.java:10:	CommentRequired: Header comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/service/AdministradorService.java:13:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/service/AdministradorService.java:13:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/service/AdministradorService.java:13:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/service/AdministradorService.java:13:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/service/AdministradorService.java:15:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/service/AdministradorService.java:15:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/service/AdministradorService.java:15:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'email' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/service/AdministradorService.java:15:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'email' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/service/CardapioService.java:8:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/service/CardapioService.java:8:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/service/CardapioService.java:8:	CommentRequired: Header comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/service/CardapioService.java:8:	CommentRequired: Header comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/service/CategoriaService.java:10:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/service/CategoriaService.java:10:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/service/CategoriaService.java:10:	CommentRequired: Header comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/service/CategoriaService.java:10:	CommentRequired: Header comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/service/CategoriaService.java:13:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/service/CategoriaService.java:13:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/service/CategoriaService.java:13:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/service/CategoriaService.java:13:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/service/CategoriaService.java:15:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/service/CategoriaService.java:15:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/service/CategoriaService.java:15:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'descricao' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/service/CategoriaService.java:15:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'descricao' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/service/ClienteService.java:10:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/service/ClienteService.java:10:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/service/ClienteService.java:10:	CommentRequired: Header comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/service/ClienteService.java:10:	CommentRequired: Header comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/service/ClienteService.java:13:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/service/ClienteService.java:13:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/service/ClienteService.java:13:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/service/ClienteService.java:13:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/service/ClienteService.java:15:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/service/ClienteService.java:15:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/service/ClienteService.java:15:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'email' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/service/ClienteService.java:15:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'email' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/service/GenericService.java:11:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/service/GenericService.java:11:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/service/GenericService.java:11:	CommentRequired: Header comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/service/GenericService.java:11:	CommentRequired: Header comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/service/GenericService.java:14:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/service/GenericService.java:14:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/service/GenericService.java:14:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/service/GenericService.java:14:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/service/GenericService.java:16:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/service/GenericService.java:16:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/service/GenericService.java:16:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'entity' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/service/GenericService.java:16:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'entity' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/service/GenericService.java:20:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/service/GenericService.java:20:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/service/GenericService.java:20:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'entity' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/service/GenericService.java:20:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'entity' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/service/GenericService.java:24:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/service/GenericService.java:24:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/service/GenericService.java:24:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'entity' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/service/GenericService.java:24:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'entity' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/service/GenericService.java:28:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/service/GenericService.java:28:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/service/GenericService.java:28:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/service/GenericService.java:28:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/service/GenericService.java:28:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/service/GenericService.java:28:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/service/GenericService.java:29:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'retorno' (lines '29'-'31').
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/service/GenericService.java:29:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'retorno' (lines '29'-'31').
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/service/GenericService.java:30:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'op' could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/service/GenericService.java:30:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'op' could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/service/GenericService.java:30:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like op
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/service/GenericService.java:30:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like op
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/service/GenericService.java:31:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/service/GenericService.java:31:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/service/GenericService.java:31:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/service/GenericService.java:31:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/service/GenericService.java:31:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/service/GenericService.java:31:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/service/GenericService.java:31:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/service/GenericService.java:31:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/service/GenericService.java:35:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/service/GenericService.java:35:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/service/GenericService.java:39:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/service/GenericService.java:39:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/service/MarmitaService.java:8:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/service/MarmitaService.java:8:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/service/MarmitaService.java:8:	CommentRequired: Header comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/service/MarmitaService.java:8:	CommentRequired: Header comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/service/PedidoService.java:13:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/service/PedidoService.java:13:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/service/PedidoService.java:13:	CommentRequired: Header comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/service/PedidoService.java:13:	CommentRequired: Header comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/service/PedidoService.java:16:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/service/PedidoService.java:16:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/service/PedidoService.java:16:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/service/PedidoService.java:16:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/service/PedidoService.java:18:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/service/PedidoService.java:18:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/service/PedidoService.java:18:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'cliente' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/service/PedidoService.java:18:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'cliente' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/service/ProdutoService.java:13:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/service/ProdutoService.java:13:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/service/ProdutoService.java:13:	CommentRequired: Header comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/service/ProdutoService.java:13:	CommentRequired: Header comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/service/ProdutoService.java:16:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/service/ProdutoService.java:16:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/service/ProdutoService.java:16:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/service/ProdutoService.java:16:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/service/ProdutoService.java:18:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/service/ProdutoService.java:18:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/service/ProdutoService.java:18:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'nome' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/service/ProdutoService.java:18:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'nome' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/service/ProdutoService.java:22:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/service/ProdutoService.java:22:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/service/ProdutoService.java:22:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'categoria' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/service/ProdutoService.java:22:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'categoria' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/service/RecuperacaoService.java:11:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/service/RecuperacaoService.java:11:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/service/RecuperacaoService.java:11:	CommentRequired: Header comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/service/RecuperacaoService.java:11:	CommentRequired: Header comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/service/RecuperacaoService.java:14:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/service/RecuperacaoService.java:14:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/service/RecuperacaoService.java:14:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/service/RecuperacaoService.java:14:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/service/RecuperacaoService.java:16:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/service/RecuperacaoService.java:16:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/service/RecuperacaoService.java:16:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'usuario' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/service/RecuperacaoService.java:16:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'usuario' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/service/UsuarioService.java:11:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/service/UsuarioService.java:11:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/service/UsuarioService.java:11:	CommentRequired: Header comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/service/UsuarioService.java:11:	CommentRequired: Header comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/service/UsuarioService.java:14:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/service/UsuarioService.java:14:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/service/UsuarioService.java:14:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/service/UsuarioService.java:14:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/service/UsuarioService.java:16:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/service/UsuarioService.java:16:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/service/UsuarioService.java:16:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'email' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/service/UsuarioService.java:16:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'email' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/controller/AdministradorController.java:25:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/controller/AdministradorController.java:25:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/controller/AdministradorController.java:25:	CommentRequired: Header comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/controller/AdministradorController.java:25:	CommentRequired: Header comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/controller/AdministradorController.java:28:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/controller/AdministradorController.java:28:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/controller/AdministradorController.java:28:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/controller/AdministradorController.java:28:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/controller/AdministradorController.java:28:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like administradorService
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/controller/AdministradorController.java:28:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like administradorService
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/controller/AdministradorController.java:31:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/controller/AdministradorController.java:31:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/controller/AdministradorController.java:31:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/controller/AdministradorController.java:31:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/controller/AdministradorController.java:36:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/controller/AdministradorController.java:36:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/controller/AdministradorController.java:36:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'usuarioRequest' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/controller/AdministradorController.java:36:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'usuarioRequest' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/controller/AdministradorController.java:39:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'usuario' could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/controller/AdministradorController.java:39:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'usuario' could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/controller/AdministradorController.java:44:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'administrador' could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/controller/AdministradorController.java:44:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'administrador' could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/controller/AdministradorController.java:52:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/controller/AdministradorController.java:52:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/controller/AdministradorController.java:52:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/controller/AdministradorController.java:52:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/controller/AdministradorController.java:59:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/controller/AdministradorController.java:59:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/controller/AdministradorController.java:60:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/controller/AdministradorController.java:60:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/controller/CardapioController.java:37:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/controller/CardapioController.java:37:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/controller/CardapioController.java:37:	CommentRequired: Header comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/controller/CardapioController.java:37:	CommentRequired: Header comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/controller/CardapioController.java:40:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/controller/CardapioController.java:40:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/controller/CardapioController.java:40:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/controller/CardapioController.java:40:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/controller/CardapioController.java:43:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/controller/CardapioController.java:43:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/controller/CardapioController.java:43:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/controller/CardapioController.java:43:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/controller/CardapioController.java:46:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/controller/CardapioController.java:46:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/controller/CardapioController.java:46:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/controller/CardapioController.java:46:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/controller/CardapioController.java:51:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/controller/CardapioController.java:51:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/controller/CardapioController.java:51:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'id' (lines '51'-'63').
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/controller/CardapioController.java:51:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'id' (lines '51'-'63').
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/controller/CardapioController.java:51:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/controller/CardapioController.java:51:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/controller/CardapioController.java:53:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'cardapio' (lines '53'-'57').
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/controller/CardapioController.java:53:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'cardapio' (lines '53'-'57').
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/controller/CardapioController.java:54:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'cardapios' could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/controller/CardapioController.java:54:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'cardapios' could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/controller/CardapioController.java:56:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/controller/CardapioController.java:56:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/controller/CardapioController.java:62:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'id' could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/controller/CardapioController.java:62:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'id' could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/controller/CardapioController.java:63:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'produto' could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/controller/CardapioController.java:63:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'produto' could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/controller/CardapioController.java:67:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/controller/CardapioController.java:67:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/controller/CardapioController.java:79:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/controller/CardapioController.java:79:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/controller/CardapioController.java:80:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'retorno' (lines '80'-'84').
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/controller/CardapioController.java:80:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'retorno' (lines '80'-'84').
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/controller/CardapioController.java:80:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'retorno' (lines '80'-'88').
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/controller/CardapioController.java:80:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'retorno' (lines '80'-'88').
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/controller/CardapioController.java:81:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'cardapioRespose' (lines '81'-'85').
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/controller/CardapioController.java:81:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'cardapioRespose' (lines '81'-'85').
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/controller/CardapioController.java:82:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'cardapios' could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/controller/CardapioController.java:82:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'cardapios' could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/controller/CardapioController.java:83:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/controller/CardapioController.java:83:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/controller/CardapioController.java:93:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/controller/CardapioController.java:93:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/controller/CardapioController.java:93:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'produto' (lines '93'-'102').
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/controller/CardapioController.java:93:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'produto' (lines '93'-'102').
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/controller/CardapioController.java:93:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/controller/CardapioController.java:93:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/controller/CardapioController.java:93:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/controller/CardapioController.java:93:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/controller/CardapioController.java:94:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'cardapio' (lines '94'-'100').
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/controller/CardapioController.java:94:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'cardapio' (lines '94'-'100').
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/controller/CardapioController.java:94:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'cardapio' (lines '94'-'108').
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/controller/CardapioController.java:94:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'cardapio' (lines '94'-'108').
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/controller/CardapioController.java:94:	PrematureDeclaration: Avoid declaring a variable if it is unreferenced before a possible exit point.
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/controller/CardapioController.java:94:	PrematureDeclaration: Avoid declaring a variable if it is unreferenced before a possible exit point.
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/controller/CardapioController.java:95:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'cardapios' (lines '95'-'108').
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/controller/CardapioController.java:95:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'cardapios' (lines '95'-'108').
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/controller/CardapioController.java:95:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'cardapios' could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/controller/CardapioController.java:95:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'cardapios' could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/controller/CardapioController.java:95:	PrematureDeclaration: Avoid declaring a variable if it is unreferenced before a possible exit point.
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/controller/CardapioController.java:95:	PrematureDeclaration: Avoid declaring a variable if it is unreferenced before a possible exit point.
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/controller/CardapioController.java:96:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'produtos' (lines '96'-'108').
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/controller/CardapioController.java:96:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'produtos' (lines '96'-'108').
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/controller/CardapioController.java:96:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'produtos' could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/controller/CardapioController.java:96:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'produtos' could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/controller/CardapioController.java:96:	PrematureDeclaration: Avoid declaring a variable if it is unreferenced before a possible exit point.
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/controller/CardapioController.java:96:	PrematureDeclaration: Avoid declaring a variable if it is unreferenced before a possible exit point.
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/controller/CardapioController.java:97:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'categoria' could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/controller/CardapioController.java:97:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'categoria' could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/controller/CardapioController.java:98:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/controller/CardapioController.java:98:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/controller/CardapioController.java:98:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/controller/CardapioController.java:98:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/controller/CardapioController.java:99:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/controller/CardapioController.java:99:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/controller/CardapioController.java:101:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'produto' could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/controller/CardapioController.java:101:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'produto' could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/controller/CardapioController.java:102:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/controller/CardapioController.java:102:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/controller/CardapioController.java:103:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops: Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/controller/CardapioController.java:103:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops: Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/controller/CardapioController.java:114:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/controller/CardapioController.java:114:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/controller/CategoriaController.java:30:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/controller/CategoriaController.java:30:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/controller/CategoriaController.java:30:	CommentRequired: Header comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/controller/CategoriaController.java:30:	CommentRequired: Header comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/controller/CategoriaController.java:33:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/controller/CategoriaController.java:33:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/controller/CategoriaController.java:33:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/controller/CategoriaController.java:33:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/controller/CategoriaController.java:38:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/controller/CategoriaController.java:38:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/controller/CategoriaController.java:38:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'categoriaRequest' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/controller/CategoriaController.java:38:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'categoriaRequest' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/controller/CategoriaController.java:53:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/controller/CategoriaController.java:53:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/controller/CategoriaController.java:53:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/controller/CategoriaController.java:53:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/controller/CategoriaController.java:53:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/controller/CategoriaController.java:53:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/controller/CategoriaController.java:54:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'categoria' could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/controller/CategoriaController.java:54:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'categoria' could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/controller/CategoriaController.java:60:	AvoidCatchingGenericException: Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/controller/CategoriaController.java:60:	AvoidCatchingGenericException: Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/controller/CategoriaController.java:61:	PreserveStackTrace: New exception is thrown in catch block, original stack trace may be lost
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/controller/CategoriaController.java:61:	PreserveStackTrace: New exception is thrown in catch block, original stack trace may be lost
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/controller/CategoriaController.java:69:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/controller/CategoriaController.java:69:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/controller/CategoriaController.java:70:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'categorias' could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/controller/CategoriaController.java:70:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'categorias' could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/controller/CategoriaController.java:78:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/controller/CategoriaController.java:78:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/controller/CategoriaController.java:78:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'categoriaRequest' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/controller/CategoriaController.java:78:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'categoriaRequest' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/controller/CategoriaController.java:80:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'categoria' (lines '80'-'81').
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/controller/CategoriaController.java:80:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'categoria' (lines '80'-'81').
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/controller/ClienteController.java:24:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/controller/ClienteController.java:24:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/controller/ClienteController.java:24:	CommentRequired: Header comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/controller/ClienteController.java:24:	CommentRequired: Header comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/controller/ClienteController.java:27:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/controller/ClienteController.java:27:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/controller/ClienteController.java:27:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/controller/ClienteController.java:27:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/controller/ClienteController.java:32:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/controller/ClienteController.java:32:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/controller/ClienteController.java:32:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/controller/ClienteController.java:32:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/controller/ClienteController.java:38:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/controller/ClienteController.java:38:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/controller/ClienteController.java:39:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/controller/ClienteController.java:39:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/controller/ClienteController.java:40:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/controller/ClienteController.java:40:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/controller/ClienteController.java:41:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/controller/ClienteController.java:41:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/controller/MarmitaController.java:31:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/controller/MarmitaController.java:31:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/controller/MarmitaController.java:31:	CommentRequired: Header comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/controller/MarmitaController.java:31:	CommentRequired: Header comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/controller/MarmitaController.java:34:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/controller/MarmitaController.java:34:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/controller/MarmitaController.java:34:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/controller/MarmitaController.java:34:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/controller/MarmitaController.java:39:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/controller/MarmitaController.java:39:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/controller/MarmitaController.java:39:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'marmitaRequest' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/controller/MarmitaController.java:39:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'marmitaRequest' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/controller/MarmitaController.java:41:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'tipoMarmita' could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/controller/MarmitaController.java:41:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'tipoMarmita' could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/controller/MarmitaController.java:47:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/controller/MarmitaController.java:47:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/controller/MarmitaController.java:53:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/controller/MarmitaController.java:53:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/controller/MarmitaController.java:53:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/controller/MarmitaController.java:53:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/controller/MarmitaController.java:53:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/controller/MarmitaController.java:53:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/controller/MarmitaController.java:54:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'marmita' could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/controller/MarmitaController.java:54:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'marmita' could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/controller/MarmitaController.java:58:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/controller/MarmitaController.java:58:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/controller/MarmitaController.java:61:	AvoidCatchingGenericException: Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/controller/MarmitaController.java:61:	AvoidCatchingGenericException: Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/controller/MarmitaController.java:62:	PreserveStackTrace: New exception is thrown in catch block, original stack trace may be lost
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/controller/MarmitaController.java:62:	PreserveStackTrace: New exception is thrown in catch block, original stack trace may be lost
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/controller/MarmitaController.java:70:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/controller/MarmitaController.java:70:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/controller/MarmitaController.java:71:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'marmitas' could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/controller/MarmitaController.java:71:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'marmitas' could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/controller/MarmitaController.java:79:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/controller/MarmitaController.java:79:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/controller/MarmitaController.java:79:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'marmitaRequest' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/controller/MarmitaController.java:79:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'marmitaRequest' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/controller/MarmitaController.java:85:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/controller/MarmitaController.java:85:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/controller/MarmitaController.java:87:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/controller/MarmitaController.java:87:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/controller/PedidoController.java:1:	ExcessiveImports: A high number of imports can indicate a high degree of coupling within an object.
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/controller/PedidoController.java:1:	ExcessiveImports: A high number of imports can indicate a high degree of coupling within an object.
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/controller/PedidoController.java:40:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/controller/PedidoController.java:40:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/controller/PedidoController.java:40:	CommentRequired: Header comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/controller/PedidoController.java:40:	CommentRequired: Header comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/controller/PedidoController.java:43:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/controller/PedidoController.java:43:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/controller/PedidoController.java:43:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/controller/PedidoController.java:43:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/controller/PedidoController.java:46:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/controller/PedidoController.java:46:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/controller/PedidoController.java:46:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/controller/PedidoController.java:46:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/controller/PedidoController.java:49:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/controller/PedidoController.java:49:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/controller/PedidoController.java:49:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/controller/PedidoController.java:49:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/controller/PedidoController.java:52:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/controller/PedidoController.java:52:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/controller/PedidoController.java:52:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/controller/PedidoController.java:52:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/controller/PedidoController.java:57:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/controller/PedidoController.java:57:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/controller/PedidoController.java:57:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'idProduto' (lines '57'-'75').
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/controller/PedidoController.java:57:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'idProduto' (lines '57'-'75').
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/controller/PedidoController.java:57:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'pedidoRequest' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/controller/PedidoController.java:57:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'pedidoRequest' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/controller/PedidoController.java:65:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'cliente' could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/controller/PedidoController.java:65:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'cliente' could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/controller/PedidoController.java:66:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/controller/PedidoController.java:66:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/controller/PedidoController.java:66:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/controller/PedidoController.java:66:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/controller/PedidoController.java:69:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'marmita' could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/controller/PedidoController.java:69:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'marmita' could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/controller/PedidoController.java:70:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/controller/PedidoController.java:70:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/controller/PedidoController.java:70:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/controller/PedidoController.java:70:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/controller/PedidoController.java:74:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'idProduto' could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/controller/PedidoController.java:74:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'idProduto' could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/controller/PedidoController.java:75:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'produto' could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/controller/PedidoController.java:75:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'produto' could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/controller/PedidoController.java:76:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/controller/PedidoController.java:76:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/controller/PedidoController.java:76:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/controller/PedidoController.java:76:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/controller/PedidoController.java:77:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/controller/PedidoController.java:77:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/controller/PedidoController.java:81:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'pedidoResponse' could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/controller/PedidoController.java:81:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'pedidoResponse' could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/controller/PedidoController.java:88:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/controller/PedidoController.java:88:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/controller/PedidoController.java:89:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'pedidos' could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/controller/PedidoController.java:89:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'pedidos' could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/controller/PedidoController.java:90:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'comparatorPedido' could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/controller/PedidoController.java:90:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'comparatorPedido' could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/controller/PedidoController.java:92:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'pedidosResponse' could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/controller/PedidoController.java:92:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'pedidosResponse' could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/controller/PedidoController.java:99:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/controller/PedidoController.java:99:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/controller/PedidoController.java:99:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/controller/PedidoController.java:99:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/controller/PedidoController.java:99:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/controller/PedidoController.java:99:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/controller/PedidoController.java:100:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/controller/PedidoController.java:100:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/controller/PedidoController.java:100:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/controller/PedidoController.java:100:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/controller/PedidoController.java:102:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/controller/PedidoController.java:102:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/controller/PedidoController.java:102:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/controller/PedidoController.java:102:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/controller/PedidoController.java:104:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/controller/PedidoController.java:104:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/controller/PedidoController.java:106:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'pedidoResponse' could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/controller/PedidoController.java:106:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'pedidoResponse' could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/controller/PedidoController.java:113:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/controller/PedidoController.java:113:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/controller/PedidoController.java:113:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'email' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/controller/PedidoController.java:113:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'email' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/controller/PedidoController.java:115:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'cliente' could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/controller/PedidoController.java:115:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'cliente' could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/controller/PedidoController.java:116:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/controller/PedidoController.java:116:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/controller/PedidoController.java:116:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/controller/PedidoController.java:116:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/controller/PedidoController.java:117:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'pedidos' could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/controller/PedidoController.java:117:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'pedidos' could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/controller/PedidoController.java:119:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'pedidosResponse' could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/controller/PedidoController.java:119:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'pedidosResponse' could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/controller/PedidoController.java:125:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/controller/PedidoController.java:125:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/controller/PedidoController.java:125:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'pedido' (lines '125'-'128').
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/controller/PedidoController.java:125:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'pedido' (lines '125'-'128').
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/controller/PedidoController.java:126:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'pedidos' could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/controller/PedidoController.java:126:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'pedidos' could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/controller/PedidoController.java:127:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'pedido' could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/controller/PedidoController.java:127:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'pedido' could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/controller/PedidoController.java:128:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/controller/PedidoController.java:128:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/controller/PedidoController.java:128:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/controller/PedidoController.java:128:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/controller/ProdutoController.java:32:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/controller/ProdutoController.java:32:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/controller/ProdutoController.java:32:	CommentRequired: Header comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/controller/ProdutoController.java:32:	CommentRequired: Header comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/controller/ProdutoController.java:35:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/controller/ProdutoController.java:35:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/controller/ProdutoController.java:35:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/controller/ProdutoController.java:35:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/controller/ProdutoController.java:38:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/controller/ProdutoController.java:38:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/controller/ProdutoController.java:38:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/controller/ProdutoController.java:38:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/controller/ProdutoController.java:43:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/controller/ProdutoController.java:43:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/controller/ProdutoController.java:43:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'produtoRequest' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/controller/ProdutoController.java:43:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'produtoRequest' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/controller/ProdutoController.java:46:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'categoria' could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/controller/ProdutoController.java:46:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'categoria' could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/controller/ProdutoController.java:48:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/controller/ProdutoController.java:48:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/controller/ProdutoController.java:48:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/controller/ProdutoController.java:48:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/controller/ProdutoController.java:62:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/controller/ProdutoController.java:62:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/controller/ProdutoController.java:62:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/controller/ProdutoController.java:62:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/controller/ProdutoController.java:62:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/controller/ProdutoController.java:62:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/controller/ProdutoController.java:63:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'produto' could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/controller/ProdutoController.java:63:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'produto' could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/controller/ProdutoController.java:69:	AvoidCatchingGenericException: Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/controller/ProdutoController.java:69:	AvoidCatchingGenericException: Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/controller/ProdutoController.java:70:	PreserveStackTrace: New exception is thrown in catch block, original stack trace may be lost
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/controller/ProdutoController.java:70:	PreserveStackTrace: New exception is thrown in catch block, original stack trace may be lost
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/controller/ProdutoController.java:78:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/controller/ProdutoController.java:78:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/controller/ProdutoController.java:79:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'produtos' could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/controller/ProdutoController.java:79:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'produtos' could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/controller/ProdutoController.java:87:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/controller/ProdutoController.java:87:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/controller/ProdutoController.java:87:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'idCategoria' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/controller/ProdutoController.java:87:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'idCategoria' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/controller/ProdutoController.java:88:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'categoria' could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/controller/ProdutoController.java:88:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'categoria' could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/controller/ProdutoController.java:92:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'produtos' could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/controller/ProdutoController.java:92:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'produtos' could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/controller/ProdutoController.java:100:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/controller/ProdutoController.java:100:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/controller/ProdutoController.java:100:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'produtoRequest' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/controller/ProdutoController.java:100:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'produtoRequest' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/controller/PublicoCotroller.java:1:	ExcessiveImports: A high number of imports can indicate a high degree of coupling within an object.
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/controller/PublicoCotroller.java:1:	ExcessiveImports: A high number of imports can indicate a high degree of coupling within an object.
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/controller/PublicoCotroller.java:52:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/controller/PublicoCotroller.java:52:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/controller/PublicoCotroller.java:52:	CommentRequired: Header comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/controller/PublicoCotroller.java:52:	CommentRequired: Header comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/controller/PublicoCotroller.java:55:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/controller/PublicoCotroller.java:55:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/controller/PublicoCotroller.java:55:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/controller/PublicoCotroller.java:55:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/controller/PublicoCotroller.java:58:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/controller/PublicoCotroller.java:58:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/controller/PublicoCotroller.java:58:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/controller/PublicoCotroller.java:58:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/controller/PublicoCotroller.java:61:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/controller/PublicoCotroller.java:61:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/controller/PublicoCotroller.java:61:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/controller/PublicoCotroller.java:61:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/controller/PublicoCotroller.java:61:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like recuperacaoService
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/controller/PublicoCotroller.java:61:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like recuperacaoService
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/controller/PublicoCotroller.java:66:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/controller/PublicoCotroller.java:66:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/controller/PublicoCotroller.java:66:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'clienteRequest' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/controller/PublicoCotroller.java:66:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'clienteRequest' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/controller/PublicoCotroller.java:69:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'usuario' could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/controller/PublicoCotroller.java:69:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'usuario' could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/controller/PublicoCotroller.java:75:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'cliente' could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/controller/PublicoCotroller.java:75:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'cliente' could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/controller/PublicoCotroller.java:84:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/controller/PublicoCotroller.java:84:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/controller/PublicoCotroller.java:84:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/controller/PublicoCotroller.java:84:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/controller/PublicoCotroller.java:84:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/controller/PublicoCotroller.java:84:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/controller/PublicoCotroller.java:85:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'cliente' could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/controller/PublicoCotroller.java:85:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'cliente' could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/controller/PublicoCotroller.java:86:	ConfusingTernary: Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/controller/PublicoCotroller.java:86:	ConfusingTernary: Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/controller/PublicoCotroller.java:92:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/controller/PublicoCotroller.java:92:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/controller/PublicoCotroller.java:92:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'mensagem' could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/controller/PublicoCotroller.java:92:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'mensagem' could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/controller/PublicoCotroller.java:96:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'usuario' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/controller/PublicoCotroller.java:96:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'usuario' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/controller/PublicoCotroller.java:97:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'email' could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/controller/PublicoCotroller.java:97:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'email' could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/controller/PublicoCotroller.java:102:	AvoidPrintStackTrace: Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/controller/PublicoCotroller.java:102:	AvoidPrintStackTrace: Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/controller/PublicoCotroller.java:109:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/controller/PublicoCotroller.java:109:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/controller/PublicoCotroller.java:109:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'login' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/controller/PublicoCotroller.java:109:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'login' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/controller/PublicoCotroller.java:111:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'usuario' could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/controller/PublicoCotroller.java:111:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'usuario' could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/controller/PublicoCotroller.java:113:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/controller/PublicoCotroller.java:113:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/controller/PublicoCotroller.java:114:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/controller/PublicoCotroller.java:114:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/controller/PublicoCotroller.java:115:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/controller/PublicoCotroller.java:115:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/controller/PublicoCotroller.java:115:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/controller/PublicoCotroller.java:115:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/controller/PublicoCotroller.java:115:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/controller/PublicoCotroller.java:115:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/controller/PublicoCotroller.java:116:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/controller/PublicoCotroller.java:116:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/controller/PublicoCotroller.java:118:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/controller/PublicoCotroller.java:118:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/controller/PublicoCotroller.java:118:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'token' could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/controller/PublicoCotroller.java:118:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'token' could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/controller/PublicoCotroller.java:119:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/controller/PublicoCotroller.java:119:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/controller/PublicoCotroller.java:120:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/controller/PublicoCotroller.java:120:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/controller/PublicoCotroller.java:121:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'headers' could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/controller/PublicoCotroller.java:121:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'headers' could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/controller/PublicoCotroller.java:124:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'responseEntity' (lines '124'-'126').
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/controller/PublicoCotroller.java:124:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'responseEntity' (lines '124'-'126').
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/controller/PublicoCotroller.java:124:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'responseEntity' (lines '124'-'129').
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/controller/PublicoCotroller.java:124:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'responseEntity' (lines '124'-'129').
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/controller/PublicoCotroller.java:125:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/controller/PublicoCotroller.java:125:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/controller/PublicoCotroller.java:125:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/controller/PublicoCotroller.java:125:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/controller/PublicoCotroller.java:126:	UseDiamondOperator: Explicit type arguments can be replaced by Diamond Operator
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/controller/PublicoCotroller.java:126:	UseDiamondOperator: Explicit type arguments can be replaced by Diamond Operator
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/controller/PublicoCotroller.java:129:	UseDiamondOperator: Explicit type arguments can be replaced by Diamond Operator
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/controller/PublicoCotroller.java:129:	UseDiamondOperator: Explicit type arguments can be replaced by Diamond Operator
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/controller/PublicoCotroller.java:138:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/controller/PublicoCotroller.java:138:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/controller/PublicoCotroller.java:138:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'emailRequest' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/controller/PublicoCotroller.java:138:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'emailRequest' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/controller/PublicoCotroller.java:148:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'codigo' could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/controller/PublicoCotroller.java:148:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'codigo' could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/controller/PublicoCotroller.java:150:	ConfusingTernary: Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/controller/PublicoCotroller.java:150:	ConfusingTernary: Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/controller/PublicoCotroller.java:167:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/controller/PublicoCotroller.java:167:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/controller/PublicoCotroller.java:167:	CyclomaticComplexity: The method 'confirmaCodigoRecuperacao(ConfirmacaoDeCodigoRequest)' has a cyclomatic complexity of 10.
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/controller/PublicoCotroller.java:167:	CyclomaticComplexity: The method 'confirmaCodigoRecuperacao(ConfirmacaoDeCodigoRequest)' has a cyclomatic complexity of 10.
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/controller/PublicoCotroller.java:167:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/controller/PublicoCotroller.java:167:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/controller/PublicoCotroller.java:175:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'usuario' could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/controller/PublicoCotroller.java:175:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'usuario' could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/controller/PublicoCotroller.java:181:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'recuperacao' could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/controller/PublicoCotroller.java:181:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'recuperacao' could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/controller/PublicoCotroller.java:186:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'retorno' (lines '186'-'188').
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/controller/PublicoCotroller.java:186:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'retorno' (lines '186'-'188').
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/controller/PublicoCotroller.java:187:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/controller/PublicoCotroller.java:187:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/controller/PublicoCotroller.java:187:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/controller/PublicoCotroller.java:187:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/controller/PublicoCotroller.java:197:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/controller/PublicoCotroller.java:197:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/controller/PublicoCotroller.java:197:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/controller/PublicoCotroller.java:197:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/controller/PublicoCotroller.java:199:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'usuario' could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/controller/PublicoCotroller.java:199:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'usuario' could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/controller/PublicoCotroller.java:205:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'recuperacao' could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/controller/PublicoCotroller.java:205:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'recuperacao' could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/controller/PublicoCotroller.java:211:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/controller/PublicoCotroller.java:211:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/controller/PublicoCotroller.java:221:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/controller/PublicoCotroller.java:221:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/controller/PublicoCotroller.java:222:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'usuarios' could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/controller/PublicoCotroller.java:222:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'usuarios' could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/controller/PublicoCotroller.java:227:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'codigo' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/controller/PublicoCotroller.java:227:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'codigo' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/controller/PublicoCotroller.java:227:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'usuario' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/controller/PublicoCotroller.java:227:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'usuario' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/controller/PublicoCotroller.java:228:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'email' could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/controller/PublicoCotroller.java:228:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'email' could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/controller/PublicoCotroller.java:233:	AvoidPrintStackTrace: Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/controller/PublicoCotroller.java:233:	AvoidPrintStackTrace: Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/controller/PublicoCotroller.java:240:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/controller/PublicoCotroller.java:240:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/controller/PublicoCotroller.java:240:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'emailRequest' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/controller/PublicoCotroller.java:240:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'emailRequest' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/controller/PublicoCotroller.java:242:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'usuario' could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/controller/PublicoCotroller.java:242:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'usuario' could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/exception/CustomError.java:5:	CommentRequired: Header comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/exception/CustomError.java:5:	CommentRequired: Header comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/exception/CustomError.java:5:	DataClass: The class 'CustomError' is suspected to be a Data Class (WOC=0.000%, NOPA=0, NOAM=4, WMC=5)
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/exception/CustomError.java:5:	DataClass: The class 'CustomError' is suspected to be a Data Class (WOC=0.000%, NOPA=0, NOAM=4, WMC=5)
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/exception/CustomError.java:7:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/exception/CustomError.java:7:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/exception/CustomError.java:9:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/exception/CustomError.java:9:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/exception/CustomError.java:11:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/exception/CustomError.java:11:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/exception/CustomError.java:11:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'date' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/exception/CustomError.java:11:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'date' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/exception/CustomError.java:11:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'message' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/exception/CustomError.java:11:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'message' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/exception/CustomError.java:20:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'date' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/exception/CustomError.java:20:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'date' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/exception/CustomError.java:28:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'message' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/exception/CustomError.java:28:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'message' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/exception/DadosInvalidosException.java:3:	CommentRequired: Header comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/exception/DadosInvalidosException.java:3:	CommentRequired: Header comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/exception/DadosInvalidosException.java:10:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/exception/DadosInvalidosException.java:10:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/exception/DadosInvalidosException.java:10:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'msg' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/exception/DadosInvalidosException.java:10:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'msg' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/exception/HandlerException.java:15:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/exception/HandlerException.java:15:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/exception/HandlerException.java:15:	CommentRequired: Header comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/exception/HandlerException.java:15:	CommentRequired: Header comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/exception/HandlerException.java:18:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/exception/HandlerException.java:18:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/exception/HandlerException.java:18:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'e' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/exception/HandlerException.java:18:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'e' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/exception/HandlerException.java:18:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/exception/HandlerException.java:18:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/exception/HandlerException.java:18:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like e
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/exception/HandlerException.java:18:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like e
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/exception/HandlerException.java:23:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/exception/HandlerException.java:23:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/exception/HandlerException.java:23:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'e' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/exception/HandlerException.java:23:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'e' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/exception/HandlerException.java:23:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/exception/HandlerException.java:23:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/exception/HandlerException.java:23:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like e
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/exception/HandlerException.java:23:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like e
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/exception/HandlerException.java:28:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/exception/HandlerException.java:28:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/exception/HandlerException.java:28:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'e' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/exception/HandlerException.java:28:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'e' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/exception/HandlerException.java:28:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/exception/HandlerException.java:28:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/exception/HandlerException.java:28:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like e
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/exception/HandlerException.java:28:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like e
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/exception/HandlerException.java:33:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/exception/HandlerException.java:33:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/exception/HandlerException.java:33:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'e' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/exception/HandlerException.java:33:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'e' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/exception/HandlerException.java:33:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/exception/HandlerException.java:33:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/exception/HandlerException.java:33:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like e
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/exception/HandlerException.java:33:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like e
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/exception/HandlerException.java:37:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'e' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/exception/HandlerException.java:37:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'e' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/exception/HandlerException.java:37:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/exception/HandlerException.java:37:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/exception/HandlerException.java:37:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'status' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/exception/HandlerException.java:37:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'status' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/exception/HandlerException.java:37:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like e
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/exception/HandlerException.java:37:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like e
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/exception/HandlerException.java:38:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'customRestError' could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/exception/HandlerException.java:38:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'customRestError' could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/exception/MailNotSendException.java:3:	CommentRequired: Header comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/exception/MailNotSendException.java:3:	CommentRequired: Header comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/exception/MailNotSendException.java:9:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/exception/MailNotSendException.java:9:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/exception/MailNotSendException.java:11:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/exception/MailNotSendException.java:11:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/exception/MailNotSendException.java:11:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'email' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/exception/MailNotSendException.java:11:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'email' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/exception/TokenException.java:3:	CommentRequired: Header comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/exception/TokenException.java:3:	CommentRequired: Header comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/exception/TokenException.java:9:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/exception/TokenException.java:9:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/exception/TokenException.java:9:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'string' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/exception/TokenException.java:9:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'string' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/exception/UsuarioNaoEncontradoException.java:5:	CommentRequired: Header comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/exception/UsuarioNaoEncontradoException.java:5:	CommentRequired: Header comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/exception/UsuarioNaoEncontradoException.java:12:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/exception/UsuarioNaoEncontradoException.java:12:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/exception/notFound/NotFoundException.java:1:	PackageCase: Package name contains upper case characters
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/exception/notFound/NotFoundException.java:1:	PackageCase: Package name contains upper case characters
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/exception/notFound/NotFoundException.java:3:	CommentRequired: Header comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/exception/notFound/NotFoundException.java:3:	CommentRequired: Header comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/exception/notFound/NotFoundException.java:10:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/exception/notFound/NotFoundException.java:10:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/exception/notFound/NotFoundException.java:10:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'mensagem' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/exception/notFound/NotFoundException.java:10:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'mensagem' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/exception/notFound/RecuperacaoNaoEncontradaException.java:1:	PackageCase: Package name contains upper case characters
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/exception/notFound/RecuperacaoNaoEncontradaException.java:1:	PackageCase: Package name contains upper case characters
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/exception/notFound/RecuperacaoNaoEncontradaException.java:3:	CommentRequired: Header comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/exception/notFound/RecuperacaoNaoEncontradaException.java:3:	CommentRequired: Header comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/exception/notFound/RecuperacaoNaoEncontradaException.java:10:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/exception/notFound/RecuperacaoNaoEncontradaException.java:10:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/exception/usuario/EmailJaCadastradoException.java:3:	CommentRequired: Header comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/exception/usuario/EmailJaCadastradoException.java:3:	CommentRequired: Header comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/exception/usuario/EmailJaCadastradoException.java:5:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/exception/usuario/EmailJaCadastradoException.java:5:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/exception/usuario/EmailJaCadastradoException.java:12:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass: Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/exception/usuario/EmailJaCadastradoException.java:12:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass: Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/exception/usuario/EmailNaoCadastradoException.java:5:	CommentRequired: Header comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/exception/usuario/EmailNaoCadastradoException.java:5:	CommentRequired: Header comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/exception/usuario/EmailNaoCadastradoException.java:12:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/exception/usuario/EmailNaoCadastradoException.java:12:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/exception/usuario/SenhaInvalidaException.java:3:	CommentRequired: Header comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/exception/usuario/SenhaInvalidaException.java:3:	CommentRequired: Header comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/exception/usuario/SenhaInvalidaException.java:10:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/exception/usuario/SenhaInvalidaException.java:10:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/exception/usuario/UsuarioInvalidoException.java:3:	CommentRequired: Header comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/exception/usuario/UsuarioInvalidoException.java:3:	CommentRequired: Header comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/exception/usuario/UsuarioInvalidoException.java:10:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/exception/usuario/UsuarioInvalidoException.java:10:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/exception/usuario/UsuarioInvalidoException.java:10:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'msg' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/exception/usuario/UsuarioInvalidoException.java:10:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'msg' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/login/TokenFilter.java:19:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/login/TokenFilter.java:19:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/login/TokenFilter.java:19:	CommentRequired: Header comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/login/TokenFilter.java:19:	CommentRequired: Header comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/login/TokenFilter.java:27:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'chain' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/login/TokenFilter.java:27:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'chain' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/login/TokenFilter.java:27:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/login/TokenFilter.java:27:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/login/TokenFilter.java:27:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'response' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/login/TokenFilter.java:27:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'response' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/login/TokenFilter.java:30:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'req' could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/login/TokenFilter.java:30:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'req' could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/login/TokenFilter.java:32:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/login/TokenFilter.java:32:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/login/TokenFilter.java:32:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'header' could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/login/TokenFilter.java:32:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'header' could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/login/TokenFilter.java:34:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/login/TokenFilter.java:34:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/login/TokenFilter.java:38:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/login/TokenFilter.java:38:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/login/TokenFilter.java:38:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'token' could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/login/TokenFilter.java:38:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'token' could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/login/TokenFilter.java:41:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/login/TokenFilter.java:41:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/login/TokenFilter.java:41:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/login/TokenFilter.java:41:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/login/TokenFilter.java:41:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/login/TokenFilter.java:41:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/login/TokenFilter.java:41:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/login/TokenFilter.java:41:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/login/TokenFilter.java:43:	PreserveStackTrace: New exception is thrown in catch block, original stack trace may be lost
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/login/TokenFilter.java:43:	PreserveStackTrace: New exception is thrown in catch block, original stack trace may be lost
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/login/TokenKey.java:3:	CommentRequired: Enum comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/login/TokenKey.java:3:	CommentRequired: Enum comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/login/TokenKey.java:8:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/login/TokenKey.java:8:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/login/TokenKey.java:10:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'value' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/login/TokenKey.java:10:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'value' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/reponse/CardapioRespose.java:14:	CommentRequired: Header comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/reponse/CardapioRespose.java:14:	CommentRequired: Header comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/reponse/CardapioRespose.java:14:	DataClass: The class 'CardapioRespose' is suspected to be a Data Class (WOC=0.000%, NOPA=0, NOAM=4, WMC=8)
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/reponse/CardapioRespose.java:14:	DataClass: The class 'CardapioRespose' is suspected to be a Data Class (WOC=0.000%, NOPA=0, NOAM=4, WMC=8)
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/reponse/CardapioRespose.java:21:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/reponse/CardapioRespose.java:21:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/reponse/CardapioRespose.java:22:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/reponse/CardapioRespose.java:22:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/reponse/CardapioRespose.java:25:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/reponse/CardapioRespose.java:25:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/reponse/CardapioRespose.java:25:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'cardapio' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/reponse/CardapioRespose.java:25:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'cardapio' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/reponse/CardapioRespose.java:27:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'produtos' could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/reponse/CardapioRespose.java:27:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'produtos' could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/reponse/CardapioRespose.java:27:	UseConcurrentHashMap: If you run in Java5 or newer and have concurrent access, you should use the ConcurrentHashMap implementation
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/reponse/CardapioRespose.java:27:	UseConcurrentHashMap: If you run in Java5 or newer and have concurrent access, you should use the ConcurrentHashMap implementation
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/reponse/CardapioRespose.java:27:	UseDiamondOperator: Explicit type arguments can be replaced by Diamond Operator
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/reponse/CardapioRespose.java:27:	UseDiamondOperator: Explicit type arguments can be replaced by Diamond Operator
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/reponse/CardapioRespose.java:29:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'produto' could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/reponse/CardapioRespose.java:29:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'produto' could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/reponse/CardapioRespose.java:30:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'categoria' could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/reponse/CardapioRespose.java:30:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'categoria' could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/reponse/CardapioRespose.java:32:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops: Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/reponse/CardapioRespose.java:32:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops: Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/reponse/CardapioRespose.java:34:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops: Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/reponse/CardapioRespose.java:34:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops: Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/reponse/CardapioRespose.java:37:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'key' could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/reponse/CardapioRespose.java:37:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'key' could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/reponse/CardapioRespose.java:38:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops: Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/reponse/CardapioRespose.java:38:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops: Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/reponse/CardapioRespose.java:46:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'data' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/reponse/CardapioRespose.java:46:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'data' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/reponse/CardapioRespose.java:54:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'categorias' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/reponse/CardapioRespose.java:54:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'categorias' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/reponse/CategoriaResponse.java:8:	CommentRequired: Header comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/reponse/CategoriaResponse.java:8:	CommentRequired: Header comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/reponse/CategoriaResponse.java:8:	DataClass: The class 'CategoriaResponse' is suspected to be a Data Class (WOC=0.000%, NOPA=0, NOAM=6, WMC=7)
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/reponse/CategoriaResponse.java:8:	DataClass: The class 'CategoriaResponse' is suspected to be a Data Class (WOC=0.000%, NOPA=0, NOAM=6, WMC=7)
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/reponse/CategoriaResponse.java:15:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/reponse/CategoriaResponse.java:15:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/reponse/CategoriaResponse.java:17:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/reponse/CategoriaResponse.java:17:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/reponse/CategoriaResponse.java:19:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/reponse/CategoriaResponse.java:19:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/reponse/CategoriaResponse.java:22:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/reponse/CategoriaResponse.java:22:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/reponse/CategoriaResponse.java:22:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'categoria' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/reponse/CategoriaResponse.java:22:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'categoria' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/reponse/CategoriaResponse.java:22:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'list' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/reponse/CategoriaResponse.java:22:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'list' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/reponse/CategoriaResponse.java:28:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'idCategoria' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/reponse/CategoriaResponse.java:28:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'idCategoria' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/reponse/CategoriaResponse.java:40:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'nome' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/reponse/CategoriaResponse.java:40:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'nome' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/reponse/CategoriaResponse.java:48:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'produtos' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/reponse/CategoriaResponse.java:48:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'produtos' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/reponse/ClienteResponse.java:5:	CommentRequired: Header comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/reponse/ClienteResponse.java:5:	CommentRequired: Header comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/reponse/ClienteResponse.java:5:	DataClass: The class 'ClienteResponse' is suspected to be a Data Class (WOC=0.000%, NOPA=0, NOAM=8, WMC=10)
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/reponse/ClienteResponse.java:5:	DataClass: The class 'ClienteResponse' is suspected to be a Data Class (WOC=0.000%, NOPA=0, NOAM=8, WMC=10)
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/reponse/ClienteResponse.java:7:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/reponse/ClienteResponse.java:7:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/reponse/ClienteResponse.java:9:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/reponse/ClienteResponse.java:9:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/reponse/ClienteResponse.java:11:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/reponse/ClienteResponse.java:11:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/reponse/ClienteResponse.java:13:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/reponse/ClienteResponse.java:13:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/reponse/ClienteResponse.java:15:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/reponse/ClienteResponse.java:15:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/reponse/ClienteResponse.java:15:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'cliente' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/reponse/ClienteResponse.java:15:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'cliente' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/reponse/ClienteResponse.java:15:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'token' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/reponse/ClienteResponse.java:15:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'token' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/reponse/ClienteResponse.java:16:	NullAssignment: Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/reponse/ClienteResponse.java:16:	NullAssignment: Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/reponse/ClienteResponse.java:29:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'cadastroPendente' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/reponse/ClienteResponse.java:29:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'cadastroPendente' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/reponse/ClienteResponse.java:39:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'endereco' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/reponse/ClienteResponse.java:39:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'endereco' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/reponse/ClienteResponse.java:43:	MissingOverride: The method 'getSenha()' is missing an @Override annotation.
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/reponse/ClienteResponse.java:43:	MissingOverride: The method 'getSenha()' is missing an @Override annotation.
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/reponse/ClienteResponse.java:51:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'newTelefone' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/reponse/ClienteResponse.java:51:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'newTelefone' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/reponse/ClienteResponse.java:55:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'senha' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/reponse/ClienteResponse.java:55:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'senha' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/reponse/ClienteResponse.java:55:	MissingOverride: The method 'setSenha(String)' is missing an @Override annotation.
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/reponse/ClienteResponse.java:55:	MissingOverride: The method 'setSenha(String)' is missing an @Override annotation.
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/reponse/PedidoResponse.java:16:	CommentRequired: Header comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/reponse/PedidoResponse.java:16:	CommentRequired: Header comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/reponse/PedidoResponse.java:16:	DataClass: The class 'PedidoResponse' is suspected to be a Data Class (WOC=0.000%, NOPA=0, NOAM=16, WMC=19)
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/reponse/PedidoResponse.java:16:	DataClass: The class 'PedidoResponse' is suspected to be a Data Class (WOC=0.000%, NOPA=0, NOAM=16, WMC=19)
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/reponse/PedidoResponse.java:23:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/reponse/PedidoResponse.java:23:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/reponse/PedidoResponse.java:25:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/reponse/PedidoResponse.java:25:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/reponse/PedidoResponse.java:27:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/reponse/PedidoResponse.java:27:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/reponse/PedidoResponse.java:29:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/reponse/PedidoResponse.java:29:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/reponse/PedidoResponse.java:31:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/reponse/PedidoResponse.java:31:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/reponse/PedidoResponse.java:33:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/reponse/PedidoResponse.java:33:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/reponse/PedidoResponse.java:35:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/reponse/PedidoResponse.java:35:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/reponse/PedidoResponse.java:37:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/reponse/PedidoResponse.java:37:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/reponse/PedidoResponse.java:39:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/reponse/PedidoResponse.java:39:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/reponse/PedidoResponse.java:39:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'pedido' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/reponse/PedidoResponse.java:39:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'pedido' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/reponse/PedidoResponse.java:48:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'produto' could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/reponse/PedidoResponse.java:48:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'produto' could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/reponse/PedidoResponse.java:50:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops: Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/reponse/PedidoResponse.java:50:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops: Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/reponse/PedidoResponse.java:53:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops: Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/reponse/PedidoResponse.java:53:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops: Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/reponse/PedidoResponse.java:61:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'data' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/reponse/PedidoResponse.java:61:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'data' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/reponse/PedidoResponse.java:69:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'cliente' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/reponse/PedidoResponse.java:69:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'cliente' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/reponse/PedidoResponse.java:77:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'observacoes' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/reponse/PedidoResponse.java:77:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'observacoes' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/reponse/PedidoResponse.java:85:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'tipoPagamento' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/reponse/PedidoResponse.java:85:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'tipoPagamento' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/reponse/PedidoResponse.java:93:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'idPedido' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/reponse/PedidoResponse.java:93:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'idPedido' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/reponse/PedidoResponse.java:101:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'confirmado' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/reponse/PedidoResponse.java:101:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'confirmado' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/reponse/PedidoResponse.java:109:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'marmita' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/reponse/PedidoResponse.java:109:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'marmita' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/reponse/PedidoResponse.java:117:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'produtos' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/reponse/PedidoResponse.java:117:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'produtos' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/reponse/PedidosResponse.java:9:	CommentRequired: Header comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/reponse/PedidosResponse.java:9:	CommentRequired: Header comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/reponse/PedidosResponse.java:16:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/reponse/PedidosResponse.java:16:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/reponse/PedidosResponse.java:18:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/reponse/PedidosResponse.java:18:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/reponse/PedidosResponse.java:18:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'list' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/reponse/PedidosResponse.java:18:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'list' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/reponse/PedidosResponse.java:19:	UseDiamondOperator: Explicit type arguments can be replaced by Diamond Operator
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/reponse/PedidosResponse.java:19:	UseDiamondOperator: Explicit type arguments can be replaced by Diamond Operator
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/reponse/PedidosResponse.java:20:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'pedido' could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/reponse/PedidosResponse.java:20:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'pedido' could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/reponse/PedidosResponse.java:21:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops: Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/reponse/PedidosResponse.java:21:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops: Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/reponse/PedidosResponse.java:29:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'pedidos' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/reponse/PedidosResponse.java:29:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'pedidos' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/reponse/ProdutoResponse.java:7:	CommentRequired: Header comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/reponse/ProdutoResponse.java:7:	CommentRequired: Header comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/reponse/ProdutoResponse.java:7:	DataClass: The class 'ProdutoResponse' is suspected to be a Data Class (WOC=0.000%, NOPA=0, NOAM=4, WMC=6)
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/reponse/ProdutoResponse.java:7:	DataClass: The class 'ProdutoResponse' is suspected to be a Data Class (WOC=0.000%, NOPA=0, NOAM=4, WMC=6)
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/reponse/ProdutoResponse.java:14:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/reponse/ProdutoResponse.java:14:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/reponse/ProdutoResponse.java:14:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/reponse/ProdutoResponse.java:14:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/reponse/ProdutoResponse.java:15:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/reponse/ProdutoResponse.java:15:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/reponse/ProdutoResponse.java:17:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/reponse/ProdutoResponse.java:17:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/reponse/ProdutoResponse.java:17:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'produto' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/reponse/ProdutoResponse.java:17:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'produto' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/reponse/ProdutoResponse.java:22:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/reponse/ProdutoResponse.java:22:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/reponse/ProdutoResponse.java:22:	UncommentedEmptyConstructor: Document empty constructor
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/reponse/ProdutoResponse.java:22:	UncommentedEmptyConstructor: Document empty constructor
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/reponse/ProdutoResponse.java:28:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/reponse/ProdutoResponse.java:28:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/reponse/ProdutoResponse.java:28:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/reponse/ProdutoResponse.java:28:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/reponse/ProdutoResponse.java:36:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'nome' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/reponse/ProdutoResponse.java:36:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'nome' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/reponse/UsuarioResponse.java:6:	CommentRequired: Header comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/reponse/UsuarioResponse.java:6:	CommentRequired: Header comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/reponse/UsuarioResponse.java:6:	DataClass: The class 'UsuarioResponse' is suspected to be a Data Class (WOC=0.000%, NOPA=0, NOAM=10, WMC=11)
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/reponse/UsuarioResponse.java:6:	DataClass: The class 'UsuarioResponse' is suspected to be a Data Class (WOC=0.000%, NOPA=0, NOAM=10, WMC=11)
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/reponse/UsuarioResponse.java:8:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/reponse/UsuarioResponse.java:8:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/reponse/UsuarioResponse.java:10:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/reponse/UsuarioResponse.java:10:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/reponse/UsuarioResponse.java:12:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/reponse/UsuarioResponse.java:12:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/reponse/UsuarioResponse.java:14:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/reponse/UsuarioResponse.java:14:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/reponse/UsuarioResponse.java:16:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/reponse/UsuarioResponse.java:16:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/reponse/UsuarioResponse.java:18:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/reponse/UsuarioResponse.java:18:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/reponse/UsuarioResponse.java:18:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'token' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/reponse/UsuarioResponse.java:18:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'token' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/reponse/UsuarioResponse.java:18:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'usuario' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/reponse/UsuarioResponse.java:18:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'usuario' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/reponse/UsuarioResponse.java:30:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'tipo' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/reponse/UsuarioResponse.java:30:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'tipo' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/reponse/UsuarioResponse.java:38:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'token' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/reponse/UsuarioResponse.java:38:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'token' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/reponse/UsuarioResponse.java:46:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'nome' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/reponse/UsuarioResponse.java:46:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'nome' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/reponse/UsuarioResponse.java:54:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'email' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/reponse/UsuarioResponse.java:54:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'email' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/reponse/UsuarioResponse.java:62:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'senha' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/reponse/UsuarioResponse.java:62:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'senha' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/request/AdministradorRequest.java:4:	CommentRequired: Header comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/request/AdministradorRequest.java:4:	CommentRequired: Header comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/request/CardapioRequest.java:6:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/request/CardapioRequest.java:6:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/request/CardapioRequest.java:6:	CommentRequired: Header comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/request/CardapioRequest.java:6:	CommentRequired: Header comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/request/CardapioRequest.java:13:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/request/CardapioRequest.java:13:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/request/CardapioRequest.java:19:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'idProdutos' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/request/CardapioRequest.java:19:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'idProdutos' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/request/CategoriaRequest.java:5:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/request/CategoriaRequest.java:5:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/request/CategoriaRequest.java:5:	CommentRequired: Header comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/request/CategoriaRequest.java:5:	CommentRequired: Header comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/request/CategoriaRequest.java:5:	DataClass: The class 'CategoriaRequest' is suspected to be a Data Class (WOC=0.000%, NOPA=0, NOAM=4, WMC=4)
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/request/CategoriaRequest.java:5:	DataClass: The class 'CategoriaRequest' is suspected to be a Data Class (WOC=0.000%, NOPA=0, NOAM=4, WMC=4)
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/request/CategoriaRequest.java:12:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/request/CategoriaRequest.java:12:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/request/CategoriaRequest.java:12:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/request/CategoriaRequest.java:12:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/request/CategoriaRequest.java:13:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/request/CategoriaRequest.java:13:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/request/CategoriaRequest.java:19:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/request/CategoriaRequest.java:19:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/request/CategoriaRequest.java:19:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/request/CategoriaRequest.java:19:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/request/CategoriaRequest.java:27:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'nome' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/request/CategoriaRequest.java:27:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'nome' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/request/ClienteRequest.java:4:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/request/ClienteRequest.java:4:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/request/ClienteRequest.java:4:	CommentRequired: Header comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/request/ClienteRequest.java:4:	CommentRequired: Header comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/request/ClienteRequest.java:4:	DataClass: The class 'ClienteRequest' is suspected to be a Data Class (WOC=0.000%, NOPA=0, NOAM=4, WMC=4)
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/request/ClienteRequest.java:4:	DataClass: The class 'ClienteRequest' is suspected to be a Data Class (WOC=0.000%, NOPA=0, NOAM=4, WMC=4)
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/request/ClienteRequest.java:11:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/request/ClienteRequest.java:11:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/request/ClienteRequest.java:13:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/request/ClienteRequest.java:13:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/request/ClienteRequest.java:19:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'telefone' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/request/ClienteRequest.java:19:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'telefone' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/request/ClienteRequest.java:27:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'endereco' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/request/ClienteRequest.java:27:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'endereco' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/request/ConfirmacaoDeCodigoRequest.java:5:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/request/ConfirmacaoDeCodigoRequest.java:5:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/request/ConfirmacaoDeCodigoRequest.java:5:	CommentRequired: Header comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/request/ConfirmacaoDeCodigoRequest.java:5:	CommentRequired: Header comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/request/ConfirmacaoDeCodigoRequest.java:5:	DataClass: The class 'ConfirmacaoDeCodigoRequest' is suspected to be a Data Class (WOC=0.000%, NOPA=0, NOAM=4, WMC=4)
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/request/ConfirmacaoDeCodigoRequest.java:5:	DataClass: The class 'ConfirmacaoDeCodigoRequest' is suspected to be a Data Class (WOC=0.000%, NOPA=0, NOAM=4, WMC=4)
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/request/ConfirmacaoDeCodigoRequest.java:12:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/request/ConfirmacaoDeCodigoRequest.java:12:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/request/ConfirmacaoDeCodigoRequest.java:14:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/request/ConfirmacaoDeCodigoRequest.java:14:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/request/ConfirmacaoDeCodigoRequest.java:20:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'email' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/request/ConfirmacaoDeCodigoRequest.java:20:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'email' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/request/ConfirmacaoDeCodigoRequest.java:28:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'codigo' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/request/ConfirmacaoDeCodigoRequest.java:28:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'codigo' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/request/LoginRequest.java:5:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/request/LoginRequest.java:5:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/request/LoginRequest.java:5:	CommentRequired: Header comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/request/LoginRequest.java:5:	CommentRequired: Header comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/request/LoginRequest.java:5:	DataClass: The class 'LoginRequest' is suspected to be a Data Class (WOC=0.000%, NOPA=0, NOAM=4, WMC=4)
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/request/LoginRequest.java:5:	DataClass: The class 'LoginRequest' is suspected to be a Data Class (WOC=0.000%, NOPA=0, NOAM=4, WMC=4)
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/request/LoginRequest.java:12:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/request/LoginRequest.java:12:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/request/LoginRequest.java:14:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/request/LoginRequest.java:14:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/request/LoginRequest.java:20:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'email' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/request/LoginRequest.java:20:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'email' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/request/LoginRequest.java:28:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'senha' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/request/LoginRequest.java:28:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'senha' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/request/MarmitaRequest.java:6:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/request/MarmitaRequest.java:6:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/request/MarmitaRequest.java:6:	CommentRequired: Header comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/request/MarmitaRequest.java:6:	CommentRequired: Header comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/request/MarmitaRequest.java:6:	DataClass: The class 'MarmitaRequest' is suspected to be a Data Class (WOC=0.000%, NOPA=0, NOAM=10, WMC=10)
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/request/MarmitaRequest.java:6:	DataClass: The class 'MarmitaRequest' is suspected to be a Data Class (WOC=0.000%, NOPA=0, NOAM=10, WMC=10)
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/request/MarmitaRequest.java:12:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/request/MarmitaRequest.java:12:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/request/MarmitaRequest.java:12:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/request/MarmitaRequest.java:12:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/request/MarmitaRequest.java:13:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/request/MarmitaRequest.java:13:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/request/MarmitaRequest.java:14:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/request/MarmitaRequest.java:14:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/request/MarmitaRequest.java:15:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/request/MarmitaRequest.java:15:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/request/MarmitaRequest.java:16:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/request/MarmitaRequest.java:16:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/request/MarmitaRequest.java:22:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'carnes' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/request/MarmitaRequest.java:22:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'carnes' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/request/MarmitaRequest.java:29:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/request/MarmitaRequest.java:29:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/request/MarmitaRequest.java:29:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/request/MarmitaRequest.java:29:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/request/MarmitaRequest.java:35:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'descricao' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/request/MarmitaRequest.java:35:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'descricao' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/request/MarmitaRequest.java:42:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'tipo' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/request/MarmitaRequest.java:42:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'tipo' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/request/MarmitaRequest.java:48:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'valor' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/request/MarmitaRequest.java:48:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'valor' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/request/PedidoRequest.java:8:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/request/PedidoRequest.java:8:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/request/PedidoRequest.java:8:	CommentRequired: Header comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/request/PedidoRequest.java:8:	CommentRequired: Header comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/request/PedidoRequest.java:8:	DataClass: The class 'PedidoRequest' is suspected to be a Data Class (WOC=0.000%, NOPA=0, NOAM=10, WMC=10)
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/request/PedidoRequest.java:8:	DataClass: The class 'PedidoRequest' is suspected to be a Data Class (WOC=0.000%, NOPA=0, NOAM=10, WMC=10)
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/request/PedidoRequest.java:15:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/request/PedidoRequest.java:15:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/request/PedidoRequest.java:17:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/request/PedidoRequest.java:17:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/request/PedidoRequest.java:19:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/request/PedidoRequest.java:19:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/request/PedidoRequest.java:21:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/request/PedidoRequest.java:21:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/request/PedidoRequest.java:23:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/request/PedidoRequest.java:23:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/request/PedidoRequest.java:30:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'observacoes' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/request/PedidoRequest.java:30:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'observacoes' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/request/PedidoRequest.java:38:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'tipoPagamento' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/request/PedidoRequest.java:38:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'tipoPagamento' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/request/PedidoRequest.java:46:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'email' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/request/PedidoRequest.java:46:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'email' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/request/PedidoRequest.java:54:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'idMarmita' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/request/PedidoRequest.java:54:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'idMarmita' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/request/PedidoRequest.java:62:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'idProdutos' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/request/PedidoRequest.java:62:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'idProdutos' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/request/ProdutoRequest.java:5:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/request/ProdutoRequest.java:5:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/request/ProdutoRequest.java:5:	CommentRequired: Header comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/request/ProdutoRequest.java:5:	CommentRequired: Header comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/request/ProdutoRequest.java:5:	DataClass: The class 'ProdutoRequest' is suspected to be a Data Class (WOC=0.000%, NOPA=0, NOAM=6, WMC=6)
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/request/ProdutoRequest.java:5:	DataClass: The class 'ProdutoRequest' is suspected to be a Data Class (WOC=0.000%, NOPA=0, NOAM=6, WMC=6)
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/request/ProdutoRequest.java:12:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/request/ProdutoRequest.java:12:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/request/ProdutoRequest.java:13:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/request/ProdutoRequest.java:13:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/request/ProdutoRequest.java:14:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/request/ProdutoRequest.java:14:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/request/ProdutoRequest.java:20:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'idProduto' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/request/ProdutoRequest.java:20:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'idProduto' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/request/ProdutoRequest.java:27:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'nome' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/request/ProdutoRequest.java:27:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'nome' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/request/ProdutoRequest.java:33:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'idCategoria' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/request/ProdutoRequest.java:33:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'idCategoria' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/request/RecuperacaoRequest.java:5:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/request/RecuperacaoRequest.java:5:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/request/RecuperacaoRequest.java:5:	CommentRequired: Header comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/request/RecuperacaoRequest.java:5:	CommentRequired: Header comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/request/RecuperacaoRequest.java:5:	DataClass: The class 'RecuperacaoRequest' is suspected to be a Data Class (WOC=0.000%, NOPA=0, NOAM=4, WMC=4)
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/request/RecuperacaoRequest.java:5:	DataClass: The class 'RecuperacaoRequest' is suspected to be a Data Class (WOC=0.000%, NOPA=0, NOAM=4, WMC=4)
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/request/RecuperacaoRequest.java:12:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/request/RecuperacaoRequest.java:12:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/request/RecuperacaoRequest.java:14:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/request/RecuperacaoRequest.java:14:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/request/RecuperacaoRequest.java:20:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'email' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/request/RecuperacaoRequest.java:20:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'email' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/request/RecuperacaoRequest.java:28:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'codigo' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/request/RecuperacaoRequest.java:28:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'codigo' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/request/UsuarioRequest.java:5:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/request/UsuarioRequest.java:5:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/request/UsuarioRequest.java:5:	CommentRequired: Header comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/request/UsuarioRequest.java:5:	CommentRequired: Header comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/request/UsuarioRequest.java:5:	DataClass: The class 'UsuarioRequest' is suspected to be a Data Class (WOC=0.000%, NOPA=0, NOAM=6, WMC=6)
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/request/UsuarioRequest.java:5:	DataClass: The class 'UsuarioRequest' is suspected to be a Data Class (WOC=0.000%, NOPA=0, NOAM=6, WMC=6)
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/request/UsuarioRequest.java:12:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/request/UsuarioRequest.java:12:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/request/UsuarioRequest.java:14:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/request/UsuarioRequest.java:14:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/request/UsuarioRequest.java:16:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/request/UsuarioRequest.java:16:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/request/UsuarioRequest.java:22:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'nome' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/request/UsuarioRequest.java:22:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'nome' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/request/UsuarioRequest.java:30:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'email' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/request/UsuarioRequest.java:30:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'email' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/request/UsuarioRequest.java:38:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'senha' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/request/UsuarioRequest.java:38:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'senha' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/util/ComparatorPedido.java:7:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/util/ComparatorPedido.java:7:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/util/ComparatorPedido.java:7:	CommentRequired: Header comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/util/ComparatorPedido.java:7:	CommentRequired: Header comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/util/ComparatorPedido.java:10:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'o1' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/util/ComparatorPedido.java:10:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'o1' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/util/ComparatorPedido.java:10:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'o2' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/util/ComparatorPedido.java:10:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'o2' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/util/ComparatorPedido.java:10:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like o1
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/util/ComparatorPedido.java:10:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like o1
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/util/ComparatorPedido.java:10:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like o2
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/util/ComparatorPedido.java:10:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like o2
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/util/ComparatorPedido.java:11:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'retorno' (lines '11'-'18').
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/util/ComparatorPedido.java:11:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'retorno' (lines '11'-'18').
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/util/ComparatorPedido.java:13:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'retorno1' (lines '13'-'15').
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/util/ComparatorPedido.java:13:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'retorno1' (lines '13'-'15').
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/util/ComparatorPedido.java:14:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'retorno2' (lines '14'-'16').
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/util/ComparatorPedido.java:14:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'retorno2' (lines '14'-'16').
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/util/ComparatorPedido.java:15:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/util/ComparatorPedido.java:15:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/util/ComparatorPedido.java:15:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/util/ComparatorPedido.java:15:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/util/ComparatorPedido.java:16:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/util/ComparatorPedido.java:16:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/util/ComparatorPedido.java:16:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/util/ComparatorPedido.java:16:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/util/DateUtils.java:7:	CommentRequired: Header comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/util/DateUtils.java:7:	CommentRequired: Header comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/util/DateUtils.java:7:	UseUtilityClass: All methods are static.  Consider using a utility class instead. Alternatively, you could add a private constructor or make the class abstract to silence this warning.
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/util/DateUtils.java:7:	UseUtilityClass: All methods are static.  Consider using a utility class instead. Alternatively, you could add a private constructor or make the class abstract to silence this warning.
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/util/DateUtils.java:9:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/util/DateUtils.java:9:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/util/DateUtils.java:9:	SimpleDateFormatNeedsLocale: When instantiating a SimpleDateFormat object, specify a Locale
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/util/DateUtils.java:9:	SimpleDateFormatNeedsLocale: When instantiating a SimpleDateFormat object, specify a Locale
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/util/DateUtils.java:12:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/util/DateUtils.java:12:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/util/DateUtils.java:13:	UnsynchronizedStaticDateFormatter: Static DateFormatter objects should be accessed in a synchronized manner
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/util/DateUtils.java:13:	UnsynchronizedStaticDateFormatter: Static DateFormatter objects should be accessed in a synchronized manner
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/util/DateUtils.java:13:	UnsynchronizedStaticFormatter: Static Formatter objects should be accessed in a synchronized manner
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/util/DateUtils.java:13:	UnsynchronizedStaticFormatter: Static Formatter objects should be accessed in a synchronized manner
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/util/DateUtils.java:14:	UnsynchronizedStaticDateFormatter: Static DateFormatter objects should be accessed in a synchronized manner
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/util/DateUtils.java:14:	UnsynchronizedStaticDateFormatter: Static DateFormatter objects should be accessed in a synchronized manner
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/util/DateUtils.java:14:	UnsynchronizedStaticFormatter: Static Formatter objects should be accessed in a synchronized manner
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/util/DateUtils.java:14:	UnsynchronizedStaticFormatter: Static Formatter objects should be accessed in a synchronized manner
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/util/DateUtils.java:17:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/util/DateUtils.java:17:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/util/DateUtils.java:17:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'date' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/util/DateUtils.java:17:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'date' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/util/DateUtils.java:18:	UnsynchronizedStaticDateFormatter: Static DateFormatter objects should be accessed in a synchronized manner
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/util/DateUtils.java:18:	UnsynchronizedStaticDateFormatter: Static DateFormatter objects should be accessed in a synchronized manner
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/util/DateUtils.java:18:	UnsynchronizedStaticFormatter: Static Formatter objects should be accessed in a synchronized manner
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/util/DateUtils.java:18:	UnsynchronizedStaticFormatter: Static Formatter objects should be accessed in a synchronized manner
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/util/DateUtils.java:19:	UnsynchronizedStaticDateFormatter: Static DateFormatter objects should be accessed in a synchronized manner
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/util/DateUtils.java:19:	UnsynchronizedStaticDateFormatter: Static DateFormatter objects should be accessed in a synchronized manner
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/util/DateUtils.java:19:	UnsynchronizedStaticFormatter: Static Formatter objects should be accessed in a synchronized manner
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/util/DateUtils.java:19:	UnsynchronizedStaticFormatter: Static Formatter objects should be accessed in a synchronized manner
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/util/Email.java:9:	CommentRequired: Header comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/util/Email.java:9:	CommentRequired: Header comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/util/Email.java:11:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/util/Email.java:11:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/util/Email.java:11:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/util/Email.java:11:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/util/Email.java:13:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/util/Email.java:13:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/util/Email.java:13:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'usuario' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/util/Email.java:13:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'usuario' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/util/Email.java:17:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'usuario' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/util/Email.java:17:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'usuario' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/util/Email.java:21:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/util/Email.java:21:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/util/Email.java:22:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'hostname' could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/util/Email.java:22:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'hostname' could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/util/Email.java:23:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'linkApi' could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/util/Email.java:23:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'linkApi' could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/util/Email.java:25:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'mail' could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/util/Email.java:25:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'mail' could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/util/Email.java:27:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals: The String literal "        </div>\n" appears 4 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 27
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/util/Email.java:27:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals: The String literal "        </div>\n" appears 4 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 27
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/util/Email.java:32:	UnnecessaryLocalBeforeReturn: Consider simply returning the value vs storing it in local variable 'mail'
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/util/Email.java:32:	UnnecessaryLocalBeforeReturn: Consider simply returning the value vs storing it in local variable 'mail'
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/util/Email.java:35:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/util/Email.java:35:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/util/Email.java:39:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/util/Email.java:39:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/util/Email.java:39:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'codigo' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/util/Email.java:39:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'codigo' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/util/Email.java:40:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'mail' could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/util/Email.java:40:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'mail' could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/util/Email.java:46:	UnnecessaryLocalBeforeReturn: Consider simply returning the value vs storing it in local variable 'mail'
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/util/Email.java:46:	UnnecessaryLocalBeforeReturn: Consider simply returning the value vs storing it in local variable 'mail'
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/util/Email.java:49:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/util/Email.java:49:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/util/Email.java:53:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'html' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/util/Email.java:53:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'html' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/util/Email.java:54:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'mailsend' (lines '54'-'79').
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/util/Email.java:54:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'mailsend' (lines '54'-'79').
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/util/Email.java:54:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'mailsend' (lines '54'-'79').
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/util/Email.java:54:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'mailsend' (lines '54'-'79').
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/util/Email.java:54:	DoNotUseThreads: To be compliant to J2EE, a webapp should not use any thread.
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/util/Email.java:54:	DoNotUseThreads: To be compliant to J2EE, a webapp should not use any thread.
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/util/Email.java:54:	DoNotUseThreads: To be compliant to J2EE, a webapp should not use any thread.
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/util/Email.java:54:	DoNotUseThreads: To be compliant to J2EE, a webapp should not use any thread.
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/util/Email.java:54:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'mailsend' could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/util/Email.java:54:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'mailsend' could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/util/Email.java:55:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/util/Email.java:55:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/util/Email.java:55:	MissingOverride: The method 'run()' is missing an @Override annotation.
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/util/Email.java:55:	MissingOverride: The method 'run()' is missing an @Override annotation.
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/util/Email.java:57:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/util/Email.java:57:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/util/Email.java:67:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/util/Email.java:67:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/util/Email.java:67:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/util/Email.java:67:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/util/Email.java:69:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/util/Email.java:69:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/util/Email.java:71:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/util/Email.java:71:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/util/Email.java:71:	PreserveStackTrace: New exception is thrown in catch block, original stack trace may be lost
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/util/Email.java:71:	PreserveStackTrace: New exception is thrown in catch block, original stack trace may be lost
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/util/Email.java:81:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/util/Email.java:81:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/util/Email.java:81:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'codigo' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/util/Email.java:81:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'codigo' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/util/GeradorCodigo.java:5:	CommentRequired: Header comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/util/GeradorCodigo.java:5:	CommentRequired: Header comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/util/GeradorCodigo.java:5:	UseUtilityClass: All methods are static.  Consider using a utility class instead. Alternatively, you could add a private constructor or make the class abstract to silence this warning.
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/util/GeradorCodigo.java:5:	UseUtilityClass: All methods are static.  Consider using a utility class instead. Alternatively, you could add a private constructor or make the class abstract to silence this warning.
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/util/GeradorCodigo.java:7:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/util/GeradorCodigo.java:7:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/util/GeradorCodigo.java:11:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/util/GeradorCodigo.java:11:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/util/GeradorCodigo.java:11:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'tipo' could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/util/GeradorCodigo.java:11:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'tipo' could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/util/GeradorCodigo.java:13:	UseStringBufferForStringAppends: Prefer StringBuilder (non-synchronized) or StringBuffer (synchronized) over += for concatenating strings
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/util/GeradorCodigo.java:13:	UseStringBufferForStringAppends: Prefer StringBuilder (non-synchronized) or StringBuffer (synchronized) over += for concatenating strings
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/util/GeradorCodigo.java:15:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/util/GeradorCodigo.java:15:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/util/GeradorCodigo.java:15:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'lower' could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/util/GeradorCodigo.java:15:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'lower' could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/util/GeradorCodigo.java:16:	UseStringBufferForStringAppends: Prefer StringBuilder (non-synchronized) or StringBuffer (synchronized) over += for concatenating strings
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/util/GeradorCodigo.java:16:	UseStringBufferForStringAppends: Prefer StringBuilder (non-synchronized) or StringBuffer (synchronized) over += for concatenating strings
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/util/GeradorCodigo.java:22:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/util/GeradorCodigo.java:22:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/util/GeradorCodigo.java:22:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'args' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/util/GeradorCodigo.java:22:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'args' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/util/GeradorCodigo.java:27:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/util/GeradorCodigo.java:27:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/util/GeradorCodigo.java:27:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'value' could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/util/GeradorCodigo.java:27:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'value' could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/util/GeradorCodigo.java:31:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'aux' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/util/GeradorCodigo.java:31:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'aux' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/util/GeradorCodigo.java:32:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/util/GeradorCodigo.java:32:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/util/GeradorCodigo.java:32:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'value' could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/util/GeradorCodigo.java:32:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'value' could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/util/Validation.java:21:	AbstractClassWithoutAbstractMethod: This abstract class does not have any abstract methods
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/util/Validation.java:21:	AbstractClassWithoutAbstractMethod: This abstract class does not have any abstract methods
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/util/Validation.java:21:	AbstractNaming: Abstract classes should be named AbstractXXX
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/util/Validation.java:21:	AbstractNaming: Abstract classes should be named AbstractXXX
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/util/Validation.java:21:	CommentRequired: Header comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/util/Validation.java:21:	CommentRequired: Header comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/util/Validation.java:21:	GodClass: Possible God Class (WMC=67, ATFD=30, TCC=0.000%)
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/util/Validation.java:21:	GodClass: Possible God Class (WMC=67, ATFD=30, TCC=0.000%)
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/util/Validation.java:21:	TooManyMethods: This class has too many methods, consider refactoring it.
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/util/Validation.java:21:	TooManyMethods: This class has too many methods, consider refactoring it.
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/util/Validation.java:23:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/util/Validation.java:23:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/util/Validation.java:27:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/util/Validation.java:27:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/util/Validation.java:27:	FieldNamingConventions: The constant name 'pattern' doesn't match '[A-Z][A-Z_0-9]*'
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/util/Validation.java:27:	FieldNamingConventions: The constant name 'pattern' doesn't match '[A-Z][A-Z_0-9]*'
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/util/Validation.java:27:	VariableNamingConventions: Variables that are final and static should be all capitals, 'pattern' is not all capitals.
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/util/Validation.java:27:	VariableNamingConventions: Variables that are final and static should be all capitals, 'pattern' is not all capitals.
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/util/Validation.java:29:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/util/Validation.java:29:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/util/Validation.java:29:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'login' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/util/Validation.java:29:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'login' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/util/Validation.java:39:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/util/Validation.java:39:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/util/Validation.java:39:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'cliente' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/util/Validation.java:39:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'cliente' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/util/Validation.java:47:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/util/Validation.java:47:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/util/Validation.java:47:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/util/Validation.java:47:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/util/Validation.java:58:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/util/Validation.java:58:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/util/Validation.java:58:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'valor' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/util/Validation.java:58:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'valor' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/util/Validation.java:62:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/util/Validation.java:62:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/util/Validation.java:62:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'email' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/util/Validation.java:62:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'email' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/util/Validation.java:66:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'matcher' could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/util/Validation.java:66:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'matcher' could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/util/Validation.java:68:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/util/Validation.java:68:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/util/Validation.java:73:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/util/Validation.java:73:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/util/Validation.java:73:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'marmitaRequest' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/util/Validation.java:73:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'marmitaRequest' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/util/Validation.java:82:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'valor' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/util/Validation.java:82:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'valor' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/util/Validation.java:86:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/util/Validation.java:86:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/util/Validation.java:86:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'valor' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/util/Validation.java:86:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'valor' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/util/Validation.java:90:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/util/Validation.java:90:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/util/Validation.java:90:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/util/Validation.java:90:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/util/Validation.java:100:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/util/Validation.java:100:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/util/Validation.java:100:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'categoriaRequest' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/util/Validation.java:100:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'categoriaRequest' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/util/Validation.java:106:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/util/Validation.java:106:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/util/Validation.java:106:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'produtoRequest' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/util/Validation.java:106:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'produtoRequest' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/util/Validation.java:117:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/util/Validation.java:117:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/util/Validation.java:117:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'marmita' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/util/Validation.java:117:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'marmita' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/util/Validation.java:129:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/util/Validation.java:129:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/util/Validation.java:129:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'categoriaRequest' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/util/Validation.java:129:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'categoriaRequest' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/util/Validation.java:139:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/util/Validation.java:139:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/util/Validation.java:139:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'produtoRequest' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/util/Validation.java:139:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'produtoRequest' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/util/Validation.java:148:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/util/Validation.java:148:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/util/Validation.java:148:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/util/Validation.java:148:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/util/Validation.java:152:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/util/Validation.java:152:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/util/Validation.java:152:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/util/Validation.java:152:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/util/Validation.java:153:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/util/Validation.java:153:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/util/Validation.java:158:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/util/Validation.java:158:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/util/Validation.java:158:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'pedidoRequest' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/util/Validation.java:158:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'pedidoRequest' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/util/Validation.java:163:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/br/com/marmitaria/rest/util/Validation.java:163:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/br/com/marmitaria/MarmitariaApplicationTests.java:10:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/test/java/br/com/marmitaria/MarmitariaApplicationTests.java:10:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/test/java/br/com/marmitaria/MarmitariaApplicationTests.java:10:	CommentRequired: Header comments are required
src/test/java/br/com/marmitaria/MarmitariaApplicationTests.java:10:	CommentRequired: Header comments are required
src/test/java/br/com/marmitaria/MarmitariaApplicationTests.java:13:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/test/java/br/com/marmitaria/MarmitariaApplicationTests.java:13:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/test/java/br/com/marmitaria/MarmitariaApplicationTests.java:13:	JUnitTestsShouldIncludeAssert: JUnit tests should include assert() or fail()
src/test/java/br/com/marmitaria/MarmitariaApplicationTests.java:13:	JUnitTestsShouldIncludeAssert: JUnit tests should include assert() or fail()
src/test/java/br/com/marmitaria/MarmitariaApplicationTests.java:13:	UncommentedEmptyMethodBody: Document empty method body
src/test/java/br/com/marmitaria/MarmitariaApplicationTests.java:13:	UncommentedEmptyMethodBody: Document empty method body
src/test/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/dao/CategoriaDAOTest.java:19:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/test/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/dao/CategoriaDAOTest.java:19:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/test/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/dao/CategoriaDAOTest.java:19:	CommentRequired: Header comments are required
src/test/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/dao/CategoriaDAOTest.java:19:	CommentRequired: Header comments are required
src/test/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/dao/CategoriaDAOTest.java:22:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/test/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/dao/CategoriaDAOTest.java:22:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/test/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/dao/CategoriaDAOTest.java:22:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/test/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/dao/CategoriaDAOTest.java:22:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/test/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/dao/CategoriaDAOTest.java:28:	JUnitTestContainsTooManyAsserts: Unit tests should not contain more than 1 assert(s).
src/test/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/dao/CategoriaDAOTest.java:28:	JUnitTestContainsTooManyAsserts: Unit tests should not contain more than 1 assert(s).
src/test/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/dao/CategoriaDAOTest.java:29:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals: The String literal "Feijões" appears 4 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 29
src/test/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/dao/CategoriaDAOTest.java:29:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals: The String literal "Feijões" appears 4 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 29
src/test/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/dao/CategoriaDAOTest.java:29:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'categoria' could be declared final
src/test/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/dao/CategoriaDAOTest.java:29:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'categoria' could be declared final
src/test/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/dao/CategoriaDAOTest.java:31:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/dao/CategoriaDAOTest.java:31:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/dao/CategoriaDAOTest.java:32:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/dao/CategoriaDAOTest.java:32:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/dao/CategoriaDAOTest.java:41:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'categoria' could be declared final
src/test/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/dao/CategoriaDAOTest.java:41:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'categoria' could be declared final
src/test/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/dao/CategoriaDAOTest.java:50:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'categoria' could be declared final
src/test/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/dao/CategoriaDAOTest.java:50:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'categoria' could be declared final
src/test/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/dao/CategoriaDAOTest.java:59:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'categoria' could be declared final
src/test/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/dao/CategoriaDAOTest.java:59:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'categoria' could be declared final
src/test/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/dao/CategoriaDAOTest.java:63:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/dao/CategoriaDAOTest.java:63:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/dao/CategoriaDAOTest.java:63:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/dao/CategoriaDAOTest.java:63:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/dao/CategoriaDAOTest.java:63:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/dao/CategoriaDAOTest.java:63:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/dao/CategoriaDAOTest.java:71:	JUnitTestContainsTooManyAsserts: Unit tests should not contain more than 1 assert(s).
src/test/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/dao/CategoriaDAOTest.java:71:	JUnitTestContainsTooManyAsserts: Unit tests should not contain more than 1 assert(s).
src/test/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/dao/CategoriaDAOTest.java:72:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'categoria' could be declared final
src/test/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/dao/CategoriaDAOTest.java:72:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'categoria' could be declared final
src/test/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/dao/CategoriaDAOTest.java:74:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/dao/CategoriaDAOTest.java:74:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/dao/CategoriaDAOTest.java:76:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/dao/CategoriaDAOTest.java:76:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/dao/ClienteDAOTest.java:20:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/test/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/dao/ClienteDAOTest.java:20:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/test/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/dao/ClienteDAOTest.java:20:	CommentRequired: Header comments are required
src/test/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/dao/ClienteDAOTest.java:20:	CommentRequired: Header comments are required
src/test/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/dao/ClienteDAOTest.java:23:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/test/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/dao/ClienteDAOTest.java:23:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/test/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/dao/ClienteDAOTest.java:23:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/test/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/dao/ClienteDAOTest.java:23:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/test/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/dao/ClienteDAOTest.java:25:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/test/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/dao/ClienteDAOTest.java:25:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/test/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/dao/ClienteDAOTest.java:25:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/test/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/dao/ClienteDAOTest.java:25:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/test/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/dao/ClienteDAOTest.java:43:	JUnitTestsShouldIncludeAssert: JUnit tests should include assert() or fail()
src/test/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/dao/ClienteDAOTest.java:43:	JUnitTestsShouldIncludeAssert: JUnit tests should include assert() or fail()
src/test/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/dao/ClienteDAOTest.java:44:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'cliente' could be declared final
src/test/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/dao/ClienteDAOTest.java:44:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'cliente' could be declared final
src/test/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/dao/ClienteDAOTest.java:55:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'cliente' could be declared final
src/test/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/dao/ClienteDAOTest.java:55:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'cliente' could be declared final
src/test/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/dao/ClienteDAOTest.java:66:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'cliente' could be declared final
src/test/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/dao/ClienteDAOTest.java:66:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'cliente' could be declared final
src/test/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/dao/ProdutoDAOTest.java:22:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/test/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/dao/ProdutoDAOTest.java:22:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/test/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/dao/ProdutoDAOTest.java:22:	CommentRequired: Header comments are required
src/test/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/dao/ProdutoDAOTest.java:22:	CommentRequired: Header comments are required
src/test/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/dao/ProdutoDAOTest.java:24:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/test/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/dao/ProdutoDAOTest.java:24:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/test/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/dao/ProdutoDAOTest.java:24:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/test/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/dao/ProdutoDAOTest.java:24:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/test/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/dao/ProdutoDAOTest.java:26:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/test/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/dao/ProdutoDAOTest.java:26:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/test/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/dao/ProdutoDAOTest.java:26:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/test/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/dao/ProdutoDAOTest.java:26:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/test/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/dao/ProdutoDAOTest.java:26:	SingularField: Perhaps 'categoria' could be replaced by a local variable.
src/test/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/dao/ProdutoDAOTest.java:26:	SingularField: Perhaps 'categoria' could be replaced by a local variable.
src/test/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/dao/ProdutoDAOTest.java:28:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/test/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/dao/ProdutoDAOTest.java:28:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/test/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/dao/ProdutoDAOTest.java:28:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/test/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/dao/ProdutoDAOTest.java:28:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/test/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/dao/ProdutoDAOTest.java:31:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/test/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/dao/ProdutoDAOTest.java:31:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/test/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/dao/ProdutoDAOTest.java:31:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/test/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/dao/ProdutoDAOTest.java:31:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/test/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/dao/ProdutoDAOTest.java:49:	JUnitTestContainsTooManyAsserts: Unit tests should not contain more than 1 assert(s).
src/test/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/dao/ProdutoDAOTest.java:49:	JUnitTestContainsTooManyAsserts: Unit tests should not contain more than 1 assert(s).
src/test/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/dao/ProdutoDAOTest.java:51:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/dao/ProdutoDAOTest.java:51:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/dao/ProdutoDAOTest.java:52:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/dao/ProdutoDAOTest.java:52:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/dao/ProdutoDAOTest.java:91:	JUnitTestContainsTooManyAsserts: Unit tests should not contain more than 1 assert(s).
src/test/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/dao/ProdutoDAOTest.java:91:	JUnitTestContainsTooManyAsserts: Unit tests should not contain more than 1 assert(s).
src/test/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/dao/ProdutoDAOTest.java:93:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/dao/ProdutoDAOTest.java:93:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/dao/ProdutoDAOTest.java:93:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/dao/ProdutoDAOTest.java:93:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/dao/ProdutoDAOTest.java:93:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/dao/ProdutoDAOTest.java:93:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/dao/ProdutoDAOTest.java:96:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/dao/ProdutoDAOTest.java:96:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/dao/ProdutoDAOTest.java:96:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/dao/ProdutoDAOTest.java:96:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/dao/ProdutoDAOTest.java:96:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/dao/ProdutoDAOTest.java:96:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/dao/ProdutoDAOTest.java:104:	JUnitTestContainsTooManyAsserts: Unit tests should not contain more than 1 assert(s).
src/test/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/dao/ProdutoDAOTest.java:104:	JUnitTestContainsTooManyAsserts: Unit tests should not contain more than 1 assert(s).
src/test/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/dao/ProdutoDAOTest.java:106:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/dao/ProdutoDAOTest.java:106:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/dao/ProdutoDAOTest.java:108:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/dao/ProdutoDAOTest.java:108:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/dao/ProdutoDAOTest.java:115:	JUnitTestContainsTooManyAsserts: Unit tests should not contain more than 1 assert(s).
src/test/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/dao/ProdutoDAOTest.java:115:	JUnitTestContainsTooManyAsserts: Unit tests should not contain more than 1 assert(s).
src/test/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/dao/ProdutoDAOTest.java:117:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/dao/ProdutoDAOTest.java:117:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/dao/ProdutoDAOTest.java:119:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/dao/ProdutoDAOTest.java:119:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/dao/UsuarioDAOTest.java:20:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/test/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/dao/UsuarioDAOTest.java:20:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/test/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/dao/UsuarioDAOTest.java:20:	CommentRequired: Header comments are required
src/test/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/dao/UsuarioDAOTest.java:20:	CommentRequired: Header comments are required
src/test/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/dao/UsuarioDAOTest.java:20:	TooManyMethods: This class has too many methods, consider refactoring it.
src/test/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/dao/UsuarioDAOTest.java:20:	TooManyMethods: This class has too many methods, consider refactoring it.
src/test/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/dao/UsuarioDAOTest.java:23:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/test/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/dao/UsuarioDAOTest.java:23:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/test/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/dao/UsuarioDAOTest.java:23:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/test/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/dao/UsuarioDAOTest.java:23:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/test/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/dao/UsuarioDAOTest.java:25:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/test/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/dao/UsuarioDAOTest.java:25:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/test/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/dao/UsuarioDAOTest.java:25:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/test/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/dao/UsuarioDAOTest.java:25:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/test/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/dao/UsuarioDAOTest.java:36:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals: The String literal "paulo@gmail.com" appears 6 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 36
src/test/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/dao/UsuarioDAOTest.java:36:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals: The String literal "paulo@gmail.com" appears 6 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 36
src/test/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/dao/UsuarioDAOTest.java:46:	JUnitTestContainsTooManyAsserts: Unit tests should not contain more than 1 assert(s).
src/test/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/dao/UsuarioDAOTest.java:46:	JUnitTestContainsTooManyAsserts: Unit tests should not contain more than 1 assert(s).
src/test/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/dao/UsuarioDAOTest.java:47:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'u' could be declared final
src/test/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/dao/UsuarioDAOTest.java:47:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'u' could be declared final
src/test/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/dao/UsuarioDAOTest.java:47:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like u
src/test/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/dao/UsuarioDAOTest.java:47:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like u
src/test/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/dao/UsuarioDAOTest.java:49:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals: The String literal "Eduardo" appears 10 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 49
src/test/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/dao/UsuarioDAOTest.java:49:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals: The String literal "Eduardo" appears 10 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 49
src/test/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/dao/UsuarioDAOTest.java:51:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals: The String literal "edu@gmail.com" appears 12 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 51
src/test/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/dao/UsuarioDAOTest.java:51:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals: The String literal "edu@gmail.com" appears 12 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 51
src/test/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/dao/UsuarioDAOTest.java:52:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals: The String literal "123456" appears 7 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 52
src/test/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/dao/UsuarioDAOTest.java:52:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals: The String literal "123456" appears 7 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 52
src/test/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/dao/UsuarioDAOTest.java:54:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/dao/UsuarioDAOTest.java:54:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/dao/UsuarioDAOTest.java:55:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/dao/UsuarioDAOTest.java:55:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/dao/UsuarioDAOTest.java:55:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/dao/UsuarioDAOTest.java:55:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/dao/UsuarioDAOTest.java:55:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/dao/UsuarioDAOTest.java:55:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/dao/UsuarioDAOTest.java:62:	JUnitTestContainsTooManyAsserts: Unit tests should not contain more than 1 assert(s).
src/test/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/dao/UsuarioDAOTest.java:62:	JUnitTestContainsTooManyAsserts: Unit tests should not contain more than 1 assert(s).
src/test/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/dao/UsuarioDAOTest.java:63:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'u' could be declared final
src/test/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/dao/UsuarioDAOTest.java:63:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'u' could be declared final
src/test/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/dao/UsuarioDAOTest.java:63:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like u
src/test/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/dao/UsuarioDAOTest.java:63:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like u
src/test/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/dao/UsuarioDAOTest.java:70:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/dao/UsuarioDAOTest.java:70:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/dao/UsuarioDAOTest.java:71:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/dao/UsuarioDAOTest.java:71:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/dao/UsuarioDAOTest.java:71:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/dao/UsuarioDAOTest.java:71:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/dao/UsuarioDAOTest.java:71:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/dao/UsuarioDAOTest.java:71:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/dao/UsuarioDAOTest.java:79:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'u' could be declared final
src/test/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/dao/UsuarioDAOTest.java:79:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'u' could be declared final
src/test/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/dao/UsuarioDAOTest.java:79:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like u
src/test/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/dao/UsuarioDAOTest.java:79:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like u
src/test/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/dao/UsuarioDAOTest.java:86:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/dao/UsuarioDAOTest.java:86:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/dao/UsuarioDAOTest.java:87:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/dao/UsuarioDAOTest.java:87:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/dao/UsuarioDAOTest.java:87:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/dao/UsuarioDAOTest.java:87:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/dao/UsuarioDAOTest.java:87:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/dao/UsuarioDAOTest.java:87:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/dao/UsuarioDAOTest.java:95:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'u' could be declared final
src/test/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/dao/UsuarioDAOTest.java:95:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'u' could be declared final
src/test/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/dao/UsuarioDAOTest.java:95:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like u
src/test/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/dao/UsuarioDAOTest.java:95:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like u
src/test/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/dao/UsuarioDAOTest.java:110:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'u' could be declared final
src/test/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/dao/UsuarioDAOTest.java:110:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'u' could be declared final
src/test/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/dao/UsuarioDAOTest.java:110:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like u
src/test/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/dao/UsuarioDAOTest.java:110:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like u
src/test/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/dao/UsuarioDAOTest.java:125:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'u' could be declared final
src/test/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/dao/UsuarioDAOTest.java:125:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'u' could be declared final
src/test/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/dao/UsuarioDAOTest.java:125:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like u
src/test/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/dao/UsuarioDAOTest.java:125:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like u
src/test/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/dao/UsuarioDAOTest.java:140:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'u' could be declared final
src/test/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/dao/UsuarioDAOTest.java:140:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'u' could be declared final
src/test/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/dao/UsuarioDAOTest.java:140:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like u
src/test/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/dao/UsuarioDAOTest.java:140:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like u
src/test/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/dao/UsuarioDAOTest.java:155:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'u' could be declared final
src/test/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/dao/UsuarioDAOTest.java:155:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'u' could be declared final
src/test/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/dao/UsuarioDAOTest.java:155:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like u
src/test/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/dao/UsuarioDAOTest.java:155:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like u
src/test/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/dao/UsuarioDAOTest.java:170:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'u' could be declared final
src/test/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/dao/UsuarioDAOTest.java:170:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'u' could be declared final
src/test/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/dao/UsuarioDAOTest.java:170:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like u
src/test/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/dao/UsuarioDAOTest.java:170:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like u
src/test/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/dao/UsuarioDAOTest.java:183:	JUnitTestContainsTooManyAsserts: Unit tests should not contain more than 1 assert(s).
src/test/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/dao/UsuarioDAOTest.java:183:	JUnitTestContainsTooManyAsserts: Unit tests should not contain more than 1 assert(s).
src/test/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/dao/UsuarioDAOTest.java:186:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/dao/UsuarioDAOTest.java:186:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/dao/UsuarioDAOTest.java:187:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/dao/UsuarioDAOTest.java:187:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/dao/UsuarioDAOTest.java:194:	JUnitTestContainsTooManyAsserts: Unit tests should not contain more than 1 assert(s).
src/test/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/dao/UsuarioDAOTest.java:194:	JUnitTestContainsTooManyAsserts: Unit tests should not contain more than 1 assert(s).
src/test/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/dao/UsuarioDAOTest.java:195:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/dao/UsuarioDAOTest.java:195:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/dao/UsuarioDAOTest.java:195:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/dao/UsuarioDAOTest.java:195:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/dao/UsuarioDAOTest.java:195:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/dao/UsuarioDAOTest.java:195:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/dao/UsuarioDAOTest.java:198:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/dao/UsuarioDAOTest.java:198:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/dao/UsuarioDAOTest.java:198:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/dao/UsuarioDAOTest.java:198:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/dao/UsuarioDAOTest.java:198:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/dao/UsuarioDAOTest.java:198:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/dao/UsuarioDAOTest.java:206:	JUnitTestContainsTooManyAsserts: Unit tests should not contain more than 1 assert(s).
src/test/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/dao/UsuarioDAOTest.java:206:	JUnitTestContainsTooManyAsserts: Unit tests should not contain more than 1 assert(s).
src/test/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/dao/UsuarioDAOTest.java:207:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/dao/UsuarioDAOTest.java:207:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/dao/UsuarioDAOTest.java:207:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/dao/UsuarioDAOTest.java:207:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/dao/UsuarioDAOTest.java:207:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/dao/UsuarioDAOTest.java:207:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/dao/UsuarioDAOTest.java:210:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/dao/UsuarioDAOTest.java:210:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/dao/UsuarioDAOTest.java:210:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/dao/UsuarioDAOTest.java:210:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/dao/UsuarioDAOTest.java:210:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/br/com/marmitaria/persistence/dao/UsuarioDAOTest.java:210:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
